	Everything awesome about it and its at a very low price	Now this is what is called a great hotel at a great location with the best price. I stayed in this hotel for two days and had booked a &quot;standard room' meant for two people due to non availability of a single occupancy during booking time (i know its a waste of resource ;) ). The rooms are awesome! Very much clean. The corridors and the waiting lounge was very comfortable as well. The bathroom was good too but with no bathtub :( (It does matter to some !). It seems that the commode was meant for those people with a height &gt;6.5 feet as when you have to use it your feet cannot touch the floor. (What the heck?) The hotel has a restaurant named Comesum which is a chain of restaurants tied up with IRCTC which serves amazing food which being tasty was hygienic at the same time. The best part was its location. Its located right next to the New Delhi railway station(NDLS). So if you are coming by train you could even walk to the hotel. For local travel the metro station is again at a walking distance in fact closer than NDLS.As far as my stay was concerned I faced no problems except for they don't allow to take your car near the portico and you have to take your luggage and walk for some distance (not much). It could be bothersome when one has a lot of luggage but shouldn't be a deciding factor according to me given the security issues which the country faces.All in all my stay was good and I don't see any reason why I should give anything less than five in ratings. The negatives i mentioned shouldnt be a deciding factor as far as I believe. thanks for reading....	
	Best Effort by Ratan Tata for the middle class	I found it extremely comfortable, very near to New Delhi Rly station travelling to the hotel by a cycle rickshow only. There is a metro entry just out side the hotel. A very good restaurant with a very reasonable price.If compared Room rent vs Cleanlilness , it will rank-1 in India. Normally the middle class cannot efford a lot of money in hotel, but desire cleanliness , a good restaurant etc, which is very well available in Zinger. It is also located extremely well convenient place. For Train Traveller, even better. Now onwards I even prefer to spend some money for this hotel to stay rather than choosing to free stay in our guest house in Noida.Thnak You Tata.Pankaj Kr Baruah	
	best value for price	Very warm and cozy rooms, plush interiors, nice service and tasty food. Good connectivity for business and tour planner available in the hotel. Best value for money	
	Great quality for the price !! For train travelers it's PERFECTION!	The quality for price cannot be beat in Delhi - for $40 you get clean rooms with satelite TV, AC, wireless (must pay but only $5 for 24 hours) and clean bathrooms - perfectly comfortable rooms. We stayed at a few other hotels for the same price range in Delhi and India and found them all to be MUCH worse. We also stayed at a few 5 star hotels which were (as expected) better but then again cost us $300 ... found Ginger to be the best bargain around.Also - we traveled around quite a bit by train using delhi as a our main hub and for this the LOCATION CANNOT BE BEAT! you are literally across the street from the train station (VERY helpful since some tickets can only be bought 2 hourse before the train leaves - if the train leaves at 5am you'll be grateful you only have to cross the street to get your 3am tickets!). Its also pretty close to Connaught Place (central Delhi) - around 2 km or INR 50 by tuck tuck (1 dollar).Good luck! mp	
Nov 26 2009 	A Clean Hotel in Dirty Delhi	We had three one-night stays here as we used Delhi as a transit point for various excursions during our month-long holiday.The hotel's location, just yards from the unimaginable filth and detritus and all-round excremental disgrace that is the New Delhi Sewerage Station, I mean - New Delhi Railway Station, is undoubtedly very convenient.The large hotel is easy to see even at night time and even with luggage you can just walk across the car park that lies between the station and the hotel.With all the building work going on for the Commonwealth Games (Surely flattening the city would be a better option? After all, it’s been rebuilt several times already over the centuries!) it might look daunting to get to but walking is far quicker and cheaper than any tuk-tuk or taxi - as we found to our cost the first time we tried to get to it.We had three different rooms during our three stays and, despite reports from other contributors, we found each room clean in all respects with all the facilities you'd expect in a business hotel (albeit a budget hotel) including copious hot water.The 24-hour coffee shop / restaurant was fine - lots of well-dressed locals were even coming in for takeaways.Staff were pleasant and helpful but they won't store luggage so you'll have to use the Left Luggage Office at the station. Lock your bags and padlock them to the bays - thieves had a damn good go at attempting to break into my friend's suitcase.The hotel's location is also it's biggest problem. The AC can inevitably bring in the smells of the station but this isn't the hotel's fault, nor is the damn awful noise from the trains coming through the station whose horns even the deaf can hear! What is it with Indians and noise, anyway? Perhaps ask the hotel if it has rooms facing away from the station. Otherwise take ear (and possibly, nose) plugs.Anyway - the plus points are of the hotel's making and the minus points (apart from not storing luggage for late leavers) isn't.I would happily try other Ginger hotels. The only reason I wouldn't go back to their Delhi hotel is because it would mean my going back to Delhi. A more hellish scenario I cannot imagine.	
Nov 26 2009 	Terrible place - Avoid it!!!	We booked Ginger Delhi for 2 days and left hotel with-in 2 hours of checking-in.My expectations were not great. I was looking for &quot;clean&quot; with no frills accommodation. But the room was far from being clean. There were bunch of long hairs on the floor. The hotel staff did not even check if the room was clean before handing over the room. When called housekeeping - they cleaned the room and only cleaned what we showed. After a second glance there were more bunch of hairs on the other side of the bed that the cleaner royally ignored.The walls had shoe prints. May be that previous guests wanted to make their footprints before they left. But at least I expected housekeeping to clean those marks from the wall. The quilt was almost black from one side and had couple of yellow spots all over. When called the housekeeping to change the covers - they came with two quilt covers - one was dirty and the other was less dirty. We asked him to change the less dirty one.The hotel staff cared not to clean anything as they have enough guests who keep coming on the name of Ginger - The Taj Group.The bathroom was clean - but there was no hot water. You can fall sick if you would take cold shower in winters. There was no toilet paper in the bathroom. We had to call thrice to get the toilet paper.There was a very small window in the room and the room was damn compact. I would have appreciated if they could at least make a bigger window. That would have given the room a bigger look. Stay there only when you have no option (or may be when you just have to spend few hours) and keep your expectations level for a usual Pahargunj hotel for which you would pay not more than Rs 1000.We moved the same day to Quality Inn, Gurgaon and paid hefty amount for that hotel as it was the last minute booking but at least our stay was damn comfortable there.When complained to Ginger customer service - we only got the regret letter for the inconvenience caused and there was no refund.I would strongly advise to avoid this hotel. This is not the place where you can spend two days.	
Nov 23 2009 	Centrally Located	Our journey to the Ginger Hotel didn't start too well. We booked a vehicle at the airport taxi counter. Once out of the airport our driver claimed he didn't know where the Ginger Hotel was located. We gave him a map but this didn't seem to help him. Fortunately, he could take us to the 'tourist office' who could phone Ginger for directions. The very 'helpful' man from the tourist office 'phoned' Ginger Hotel and was advised that they'd over-booked, but we could stay at their sister hotel for free! When we didn't believe this they passed the phone to us where the 'manager' apologised profusely and explained how the sister hotel was so much better. We still weren't convinced and realised it was a scam, and after we demanded that the taxi driver take us to the Ginger Hotel manager, we were given a ride to New Delhi railway station where we made our way on foot to the hotel. Of course we were immediately able to book in! When we were at the so-called 'tourist office' we saw other taxis pull up outside. The moral is that if you book a taxi from the airport then don't believe anything the driver, or anyone whose help he enlists, tells you about your hotel.The Ginger Hotel itself is quite bland but has clean rooms with comfortable beds and a TV for those who can't live without the box. They even have Wi-Fi (at a price) and there is a gym. Security is first class. There is a self-service cafeteria on site which provides exceptable food. The major downside was the booking process. We'd originally enquired about a room in August but it wasn't until 3 months later, 4 days before we were due to arrive, that the hotel was able to accept bookings. The only other problems were we were promised IT assistance when we experienced difficulties with the Wi-Fi connection, but this never arrived despite our phone calls, and there is no luggage storage facility at the hotel.	
Nov 22 2009 	Best Place To Stay In Delhi	Ginger hotels is a chain of hotels in India, mainly set up for business travellers, however if you are sick and tired of staying in terrible accomodation while travelling around India I would recommend paying a little extra and stay at a Ginger hotel. The Delhi hotel is right behind new delhi train station so centrally located for seeing the city. The rooms are very clean, flat screen tv, air con, clean sheets, clean showers, nice staff and tea/coffee in room. Rooms have a tiny frindge which does not get very cold but otherwise well worth paying a few extra poung to stay at. I would recommend booking ahead on their web site if possible to get the best price.	
Nov 16 2009 	value for money	was clean, and appeared safe. there was ample of room with clean bedding and hot water. additionally there is a good restaurant, business station and travel desk within the lodge. railway station is 5 min walk away.	
Nov 16 2009 	What a place..	I say, friends, all those of u who want cleanliness, ginger new delhi can't be ur second choice... it was so calm, peaceful and so clean that at time i felt to leave the place never. So cheap and nearby to the station it was an amazing place to live in	
Nov 8 2009 	Great place for a solo traveler	This was a great place for a business trip. A spotlessly clean room, comfortable bed, bathroom and desk - plus wireless for an extra fee. I could also grab good, inexpensive food downstairs in the restaurant downstairs. Very key when I was pressed for time or needed to get something late at night and didn't feel safe heading out on my own after dark. This hotel has small rooms for 1 person which cost about half of a standard room, so perfect when traveling solo. Not great in terms of character but great if you just need a clean and safe place to sleep. If getting there by taxi, be sure to tell the driver it's by the Ajmeri Gate of the train station or they'll have a hard time finding it - and be sure to book at least a few weeks ahead of time. It books up, mostly by locals.	
Nov 6 2009 	Well worth the money	A great value Hotel similar to a UK Travel Lodge. We were a party of 4 -2 adults and 2 teenagers and for 1000INR a night this was a bargain. Rooms very clean with AC and a fridge and LCD TV. The restaurant is open 24hours with good food although the staff are very rude and un anattentive. Location is great for those wanting to use New Delhi train station as it is only 2 mins away by foot. Downside is that there are no shops around the hotel and you need to get a three wheeeler in order to get to them (Connaught Place 5mins) which are available just outside the hotel. There is a pharmacy located on the hotel premises which is great. All in all if you are only needing accomodation and do not require the hotel luxuries as we were sight seeing and arriving after 9pm this is a highly recommended hotel. The hotel is quite hard to find due to construction of the metro and even taxi drivers do not know where it is . It is located next to ajmeri gate on the one way system.	
Oct 21 2009 	An excellent choice	This is an excellent choice and great value for the price. The room and bathroom were clean, A/C was great, flat screen TV with cable, hot water (though much better in morning than night), very cheap phone calls, internet in the lobby and very helpful staff. Restaurant is ok. If you check their website, it will show it fully booked for months to come. In reality, it seems to only take reservations in the short term. Excellent location right next to the New Delhi Station. although everyone will have a tough time finding it. Tell them to go to the New Delhi Station and then ask for the Rail Yatri Niwas. If you are walking, you have to walk through a dark, crowded industrial area to get to the hotel and solo women may not feel comfortable. Otherwise, highly recommended.	
Oct 21 2009 	excellent value for Delhi	Stayed one night at the beginning and one night at the end of our two week holiday. Support majority of positive comments already made about value, cleanliness and convenience. At the end of a long train journey the convenience of being able to walk to the Ginger Hotel was a great asset. The restaurant was nothing great but it's only one stop by Metro (entrance very close to the hotel) to Connaught Circus where there are plenty eating places. Would definitely stay there.	
Oct 19 2009 	Good value for the money	I was quite satisfied with my stay here. I stayed here my very first 2 nights in Delhi and on the trip. The hotel is basic but clean enough. Room has complimentary water (2 bottles a day), hot water pot, TV. Right now I can't even picture the bathroom but I was fine with the room and bathroom. There are 2 computers available in the lobby for Rs 110 for 1 hr. The staff was friendly and means to be helpful. One just has to give them time. I agree with the other reviews here in terms of the value for the money.The location was great for going to Old Delhi and Connaught Circle. Also, because it is next to the railroad station, the pre-paid taxi driver from airport knew how to get to it. There is a large sign up high so once at the station you can see it. There is construction around the station and you actually need to go to the back of the station to reach the hotel.A short walk from the hotels gets you to a pre-paid stand where you can hire auto-rickshaws. There is a booking agent (of sorts) in the hotel so I used them to book a car to the airport for the next leg of my trip. I said I would take non-AC for Rs800 and I got a car with AC.One negative was trying to book a room online. I did use direct email to the Delhi Ginger hotel but they don't book much in advance and they also get full quickly.Hope this helps.	
Oct 7 2009 	Everything we wanted and nothing more!	What can one get in New Delhi for 1000 rupees?The price, the location and the Tata brand were my main consideration when I booked Ginger for our 3 night stay in New Delhi. The location is amazing - bang next to the railway station. Yet so peaceful, as if away from the city.Once I got into the hotel, I didn't see a porter running towards me to pick up my baggage. Instead there were some super convenient trolleys - self-service is the mantra here.The room is not of a five-star quality but just of the right size and has everything one needs. In the common area, there is facility to iron your clothes. Amazingly designed to save costs and yet not compromise on the comfort of the stay.There is no room service, but you could pack your food from the restaurant and carry it yourself.	
Oct 3 2009 	Perfect place for family	An excellent hotel strategically located with very good Customer Service. The cost of the food in the Restaurant is little higher which TATA need to relook at, as they have opened this Hotel in the Railway Station Complex and not inside/ near Airport.	
Sep 30 2009 	Can't ask for more - Real value for money	Hats off to TATA for gifting us Ginger , Delhi. I booked this place after reading several reviews , but when I stayed there it exceeded my expectation. Positives : 1. Spacious and spick and span rooms for just Rs.999/night2. LCD TV3. Very neat toilet/shower4. Complementary mineral water ( 4 small bottles on daily basis)5. Centrally located - Connaught Place outer circle is hardly 1 km. CP is the best place to dine.6. 24hrs restaurant7. Water dispenser on every floor8. Very courteous staff including room service staff.These were just to name a few.Negatives :1. No auto stand in front of the hotel ( got to walk abt 50 mts)2. Restaurant not that great. They are not capable of handling more than 4 customers at a time. I had to wait for 1 hr to grab my breakfast. I suggest that you have food here only if unavoidable.3. The travel desk has very few Indica A/Cs. It has more bigger cars ,which are more expensive. Indica A/C Rs.850 / 8hrs-80kms ,but Esteem - Rs.600 more.Otherwise no complaints. I think Ginger should open similar hotels in Mumbai also.Wish you a very happy stay.Rgds,Venkatesh	
Sep 28 2009 	Value For Money	Real Value For Money hotel . An ac room at rs 999 . neat room well maintained . Has coffee / Tea maker , complimentary water bottle . Rs 999 is an steal .	
Sep 10 2009 	Descent hotel at excellent price	I was travelling to Delhi from Mumbai and this hotel came as a surprise choice after me completing the train ticket on irctc.co.inI was directed to www.railtourismindia.com and booking of this hotel was easy. Thought what services would I find for 1K room.Went to the hotel and voila, its an excellent located hotel (Central Delhi). Rooms are well maintained, lobby is good.They don't serve food in the rooms, but Comsum restaurent at the lobby provides yet another surprise. Good hygenic food at very good price.Overall very good experience.	
Aug 31 2009 	LIKE TO FALL IN LOVE WITH......	We were on the way to Kerala and stayed here in a twin room. This was really a great beginning of Honeymoon. Clean and comfortable rooms with a multi-cuisine restaurant made our trip wonderful. We strongly recommend this hotel to all the visiting couples and families. One of the best thing is the easy access of railway station. You can even see your train standing at platform no. 10, 11 and 12 while having west side window opening rooms.	
Aug 21 2009 	good value for money	This hotel is just steps from the New Delhi train station. It has clean rooms, comfortable beds and decent bathrooms at very reasonable prices. The area around the station does look a bit intimidating but I never felt in danger, even late at night. The restaurant offers good and safe food at very competitive prices.	
Aug 18 2009 	My most preferred hotel economical	Ginger (Yatri Nivas) New Delhi, I recommend this hotel because its clean, the staffs are very polite, No disturbance, Overall I would say you get an ambeince of a five star at the cost of 3 star hotel. The rooms are very clean, the toilets are also clean. Clean bedsheets, towels, wifi, A/C. Really a comfortable place to stay and at the heart of New Delhi. The metro is just a 50 meter walk from the hotel. Isn't it Great !!!	
Aug 15 2009 	THE best Value in Delhi for your money - period --	Great hotel with everything you need - mini fridge, flat panel TV , 4 beds in family room , free water bottles , separate shower,toilet,washbasin ( saves time when you have a family getting ready in morning ).Nice restaurent downstairs, WIFI for approx $8/24 hrs , pharmacy , book store next door etc .Just keep this quite guys - already too tough to get a room @ this place - seriously when I travel in India I am going to look for a Ginger hotel everywhere I go .	
Aug 4 2009 	Noce Place But Not too Good	I visited this place on my Recent visit to New Delhi. This hotel is good but is not ar per the desired standard. I know this is a budget hotel but the quality is not soo good. I have also visited the Bangalore Ginger hotel but this one in Delhi is not so good. Though rooms are neat and clean but the area where this is located is not good at all. Also there is not any room service at all. So this is also a problem.	
Jun 29 2009 	The Best Hotel In Delhi	After so much hassle in Raunak hotel,it was a relief to come to Ginger Hotel.I always searched for 3-4stars hotel.But after seeing the 3-star Raunak Hotel,i didn't want to anymore.Even though Ginger hotel is a budget hotel,it is the best value for money.The service was good,the food was splendid,the room was spacious and clean,the staff were very helpful and understanding.I really enjoyed my stay there. ..I really look forward to another enjoyable stay there!!!	
Jun 24 2009 	Fabulous hotel great location for the railway station and VFM	Stayed here on 2 separate occasions during March and rate the hotel very highly. Its location is walking distance from New Delhi train station which is ideal if you want to catch a train at 6 in the morning. The area around the hotel does not win any awards, in fact some parts look well dodgy, especially late at night. The hotel however has a security check point and they do actually check people coming into the hotel so no problems there. The rooms are very clean, modern looking, have a good air conditioning system, flat screen TV's, good hot showers and comfortable beds. Best of all the rooms are very inexspensive. There is a cafeteria down in the lobby area that serves various meals and drinks, the food is reasonable and good value.	
Jun 21 2009	Best place in Delhi to stay	The Ginger has all the atmosphere of a businessman's hotel, but the rooms are clean and neat and staff is responsive to requests for assistance. What I say that &quot;Best place in Delhi to stay&quot;	
Jun 21 2009 	Best hotel near New Delhi railway station	I had to take a train at 3:40 AM. So I was looking for a hotel which should be at a walking distance from NDLS station. The hotels at paharganj looked shabby. But Ginger hotel (The erstwhile Rail Yatri Niwas) is very nice hotel. The interiors are very good. The hotel uses latest technologies loke self check in etc. The room rates are also resonabel at around 1200 Rs. I would certainly recommed this hotel if you are looking for stay near new delhi railway station.	
Jun 19 2009 	Budget hotel in India	I'm a Brazilian living in Bangalore, and May this year my family came to visit me and my wife. I planned the visit to New Delhi and Agra, so I booked on-line two double rooms. Two weeks before I called to check if the reservations were really made, luckily it was! :) Finding this hotel is complicated, and if you're a foreigner, no taxi driver will believe you know where it is (even you have a map in your hands). Tell the driver that it’s next to Pinto Road, and that he has to go through the rail station car/rickshaw’s parking area to get to the hotel.The location is pretty good to visit the sites in New Delhi.This is a budget hotel, so don’t expect any frills. You’ll find a bed, AC (little noisy), LCD TV, a desk with a small fridge and a standard western bathroom. Our towels were a little dirty and the bed sheets where smaller than the bed, even thou cleaner than some 4 star hotels I’ve stayed in Pune, Chennai and Mumbai.There’s a 24 hours restaurant in the ground floor, if you like Indian food you’re going to enjoy yourself. If you don’t you can get an auto-rickshaw for 5-10 minutes and go to Connaught Place to eat something. The hotel does have omelette and toast.The hotel does deliver what it promises, a safe and clean place to sleep. If you’re looking for some glamour try other hotels, but if you don’t want to spend money, this should prove good enough.	
Jun 18 2009 	yes yes yes!	Even if it is not easy to get there (you can see it from the railway station but the road is not direct) we've found it very very worthy. Room is basic but clean, Wi-fi everywhere for 113 rupies per hour, the restaurant always open, not expensive and average quality food, just outside the door a pharmacy and a corner shop. Also a tourist desk is there, and their car rental with driver service is good and not expensive at all, compared to the others we checked. We will sure look for a Ginger hotel everywhere we'll go in India!	
Jun 13 2009 	A good base in Delhi	The Ginger is cheap, clean and comfortable.The air conditioning was welcome after the May heat of the city. We tried a 4 bed family room and the 2 bed twins, both fine, the twins have better bathrooms.The 24 hour cafe downstairs was useful, not the best food ever but adequate with a fair amount of choice.Tell cab drivers you need New Delhi station, Ajmeri Gate as others have noted they often don't know where the hotel is with just the name. The surroundings aren't wonderful but it is very convenient, the metro is just outside.Would definitely base myself here again. Good for families.	
Jun 13 2009 	Budget at its best	Hotel Ginger is a quality accomodation and a steal for the low prices that it offers. The fact that the building belongs to the Railways and was a Rail Yatri Niwas may have a major role to play in its pricing.But the makeover is unbelievable. Simple changes have made the hotel a great buy-in for business travellers who visit the hotel only for a good night's sleep.The rooms are very tiny but well done up. The corridors are a maze but blame it on the old building and construction.Currently accessibility from the city is a big problem because of the construction of Metro, but once that ends this hotel will be a hot favourite for people travelling by the Railways.Ginger provides option of ordering food from any local restaurant nearby and also makes available their menu cards, which is a great option if you want to choose from a variety of cuisine.All in all a value for money!	
Jun 12 2009 	excellent value for the money	Based on Tripadvisor reviews, I booked four nights at the Ginger Hotel in May and was not disappointed. The hotel provides excellent value for the money. I paid more than double for the same setup at another hotel when I returned to Delhi in June. The Ginger has all the atmosphere of a businessman's hotel, but the rooms are clean and neat and staff is responsive to requests for assistance. Service is snappy and professional. While all this doesn't sound that exciting, trust me when I say that you'll be really thankful for such efficient service when you arrive at 4AM after being given the runaround by your taxi driver. The hotel is sort of hard to find. It's on the back side and across the tracks from New Delhi Station. Adjacent to the hotel is some sort of operations which involves lots of bales and carts and looks like recycling activity but is probably rail related freight operations. It's not pretty to look at, but the constant activity makes the area relatively safe, and once inside the hotel, all is nice and calm. You get courtesy bottles of water every day. There's internet access, albeit with a slow connection and expensive at 113 rupees an hour. And the restaurant isn't too bad. There's a metro very near by. If Delhi weren't so beastly hot, the hotel is within walking distance of Connaught Place and Old Delhi. The place always seems to be booked, so book early.	
Jun 10 2009 	romantic rooms	The hotel is magnificent . It was so lovely that it was hard to drag ourselves away from the hotel to go anywhere. It;s ambience is so peaceful, no disturbance at all from anyone .  In delhi, with such a atmosphere you can not find hotel at such a reasonable rates. Overall I would say this is probably the best hotel in the price range of Rs 1000/- per day. It is in the heart of delhi hence transportation is no problem at all. ONly negative point is its' entrance through New delhi Rly station which is little crowdy, but one you in it all peaceful, neat and clean rooms with very good aesthatics	
Jun 6 2009 	Nice cute place	We were scheduled to travel to Agra and planned to stop by at Delhi for a couple of business meetings. My brother was trying for hotel accomodation through the internet. He had a fancy for Ginger hotels and kept trying for a room from 1 month before our visit. He did not get one initially. But on repeated attempts, there appears to have been a cancellation and he was able to book a room.The hotel is just a stone's throw from the railway station. We flew down and took a taxi to the Station. We just walked over the platform into the hotel. We got an unbelievable price and when we walked into the hotel, the warm reception at the desk and the manners of the staff in the reception reminded us that this was a Tata hotel. Absolutely friendly, courteous and professional!When we went into the room, we saw a beautiful room with a spacious bathroom. It was an unbelievable facility for the price at this location. A tea kettle with coffee and tea packs was provided in the room.In case you get hungry, there is a restaurant in the groundfloor that offered food and beverage round the clock and we had arrived late at night without food and helped ourselves to a good tasty dinner there.A nice hotel at a very convenient place. But if you are planning to stay there, please make sure that you book a room well in advance.	
Jun 3 2009 	for young independent travellers	Very clean place to sleep and have a spot in the city. Do not expect a lot. Rooms are small, claustrophobic, with single window fully covered by AC machine. Older, old-fashioned ppl are really confused when they have to deal with card locks and all those modern tools. The area around the hotel isn't too safe, quiet or clean. It is just near the New Delhi station so u can imagine all that mess around and how is it at night. But one good thing is that u have a metro station just at the corner and 24hr Comsume in it. Food isn't great but safe.	
Jun 3 2009 	Complete VFM	Nothing but the best Value for Money.Easily the best option for all kind of travellers.Id give it 5/5	
Jun 3 2009 	Best Hotel at the Best Rate	We used to visit Delhi quite often and it use to be a very difficult task to find a decent hotel at a decent price. Then the last time I was planning my trip to Delhi, I learnt that Ginger had opened in New Delhi and that to it is right next to the NEw Delhi Railway Station and so I booked Ginger. The hotel is very neat and clean and for the price I think one cannot get a better deal. They also have a restaurant, laundry service, LCD TVs in each room, etc. I think this hotel is a steal in Delhi for the price they are offering.	
Jun 2 2009 	Good value for money	Good value for money. The family room contains 4 beds. With AC, pretty spacious room with LCD TV for 1000 is too good. Also proximity the New Delhi railway station is BIG plus. Now don't have to go for the infamous Pahadganj hotels.Only issue was with respect to booking. I had done day visit booking with checkin and checkout dates as same. I had some trouble (had to wait for almost 1 hour) to get the room. And the reception staff and the manager were not polite to say the least.	
Jun 1 2009 	Convenient Location	A good value, conveniently located hotel next to the Metro and New Delhi Railway Station.It is located on the North East side of the Railway Station, taxi drivers might find difficulty in locating it!I had already checked it out on Google Earth and so we directed the taxi driver!The staff were very attentive and the restaurant was adequate. Hey, it is a budget hotel.We stayed four nights and the room was well cleaned every day.Yes, I would certainly return here, particularly if I was travelling by rail.Oh, there is also a pharmacy next to the hotel.	
May 31 2009 	if you can only find this hotel...	This was one of my worst experiences!!! I finished a whole days work in delhi &amp; had to return to this hotel in the night. The arrangement for my stay was made by my office in Mumbai. I tired calling the hotel serveral times during the day to inform them that i have arrived &amp; will be checking in only later that day, only in vain as no one answered the phone all throght the day.When i left to head to the hotel we reched the new delhi railway station, but NO ONE seemed to know where this hotel was located. I tried calling them up one again. As there was no answer &amp; since it was 12:30am i began to panick &amp; called a colleague in mumbai for some assistance. He gave me the same nos to dial but again all was in vain as no one answered.After almost 1.5hrs I finally managed to ask around &amp; we got to the hotel. I was furious. As i walked in i realised that there was absoluteley no one at the front desk, the phone too was ringing after looking around the front desk executive came &amp; asked : can i help you&quot; I gave him a piece of my mind &amp; asked him what kind of a hotel do you run. This was a chain affiliated with the TATA group.i the went to my room apart frm my bad experience, this a budget hotel costing apprx 1000rs. a night. There is no room service or house keeping. You have to dine a self service restaurant. The food is similar to your meals alavailable at a food court in any mall in mumbai. The food is average for the price.If you have a low budget then this is the place for you, if you can find it!!	
May 22 2009 	Great hotel with excellent value	We enjoyed staying at the Ginger, New Delhi. The rooms are compact, very clean and every small detail is taken care of (including complimentary bottles of water every day, wifi in each room, internet cafe etc) and the facilities are managed well.Food is available at the 24-hr coffee shop at the ground level. The service here is very slow though the food is nice. Pre-paid auto-rickshaws are available at the New Delhi railway station which is a 3 minute walk away and the metro station is 3 minutes away as well. The only issue is that auto will drop you off a 3-5min walk away on the return since the metro work has made the entire road difficult to enter.	
May 20 2009 	Value for money hotel	Good hotel to stay if you are travelling on business or work for a day or two. The facilities are minimal but adequate.	
May 20 2009	Great Value For Money	We traveled BOM-DEL by Rajdhani Express. The hotel is just oppositte the New Delhi Railway station within the station premises. Its a fine 7 storeyed building with no frills and no excellent views from hotel room. BUT it offers great value for your money.We took a family room for just INR 1000. The room had 2 window AC's, 4 single beds. The entire room was very neat and tidy. Toilets were clean. Everything worked to perfection. Any other property in New Delhi offering what this hotel offers would easily cough up 2000-3000 bucks from your pocket.Seamless check-in and check-out procedure. Nice room service. 4 bottles of mineral water and tea and coffee kits provided on a daily basis. A nice 17 inch LCD TV to take care of your entertainment needs. The quality of the beds, mattresses is very nice.The restaurant offers a very limited menu. It is something which can be improved upon.	
May 18 2009 	Best business class hotel in Mumbai	Ginger hotel is truly a business hotel for a frequent business traveler like me.They best advantage with Ginger Delhi is its location advantage.The facilities provided by the hotel are above average.I specially like the Ginger concept and now I am a fan of it.I will definitely stay with Ginger next time I am in India's capital soon.	
May 11 2009 	love the staff commitments towards service..............	it was a gud exp.. been serviced by the ginger mgt....at the cost tat i iccured i can't even imagine a service like the one i got ..................its true to say tata as the most trustable brand of world................	
May 9 2009 	Decent place - low cost	Decent place- reasonably clean and located next to the railway station.. Remember it is a budget hotel so a few things one should keep in minda) Carry your toiletries!b) Food is available but is in a cafeteria like place Had a few issues with them messing up over the bedsheets but was otherwise ok	
May 9 2009 	A Good Basic Transit Hotel	A Basic Service Hotel, right next to New Delhi Railway Station , we took a 4 Bedded Family Room as were travelling with 2 Kids and wanted a Hotel Near Railway station as we were transitting next day to Goa by Flight.As we had seen Ginger in Haridwar and Goa and were impressed with the cleanliness chose this hotel.Very Nice Hotel, Location was bit bad due to Metro work on in the near vicinity , The Railway station Parcel office etc making it very noisy and dusty. But once inside it was nice.Rooms needed a little bit more care (by guests as well as by staff). On checkin found that Soap dispenser was empty and was taken away bu housekeping who forgot to replace it. The Toilet seat is installed too High making it uncomfortable. The size of the Toilet was too small. They should have selected better wc to fit the size.Linen was good, amenities Ok, size perfect, Restaurant at the Lobby level was good, economical and good.Best part is that you can go anywhere from here due to its central Location.	
May 8 2009 	best budget hotel in new delhi	in new delhi, in area near to railway station, ginger is not only best budget hotel but with most professional management.compare to other hotels in same area with same price tag, it is the best one, all facilities like taxi, food, shopping is available nearby.	
May 2 2009 	loved the ambience	the stay at hotel was awesome with excellent room amenities.and that too economical. jus the place outside hotel is to be maintained..	
Apr 29 2009 	Basic - but does exactly what you need for 1 night	We initially booked this as we were going to be catching a train from Corbett National Park into New Delhi station (2 minute walk away). However we ended up catching a taxi from Corbett instead and our driver had all sorts of problems trying to get to the front door and ended up parking in a nearby car park! It's not in the nicest of areas, I definitely wouldn't advise walking around on your own at night.It is a standard stopover hotel, like a Travelodge or a Premier Inn in the UK. It's a pretty basic room, but has most that you need with air con, flat screen tv, tea, coffee and water. It's clean, the check in and out were simple and there's a restaurant/cafe downstairs. It's unbelievably cheap at about £14 for a night and with the money we saved here we went for drinks and dinner at The Imperial Hotel.	
Apr 23 2009 	good price	what I like about this hotel is the central location, and the attractive price for room it provides.It is basic, yet, it has what you need, and it is clean enough, although they do not provide sheets apart from the one covering the mat	
Apr 23 2009 	Well worth the Money	A great value Hotel similar to a UK Travel Lodge. We were a party of 4 -2 adults and 2 teenagers and for 1000INR a night this was a bargain. Rooms very clean with AC and a fridge and LCD TV. The resteraunt is open 24hours with good food although the staff are very rude and un anattentive. Location is great for those wanting to use New Delhi train station as it is only 2 mins away by foot. Downside is that there are no shops around the hotel and you need to get a three wheeeler in order to get to them (Connaught Place 5mins) which are available just outside the hotel. There is a pharmacy located on the hotel premises which is great. All in all if you are only needing accomodation and do not require the hotel luxuries as we were sight seeing and arriving after 9pm this is a highly recommended hotel. The hotel is quite hard to find due to construction of the metro and even taxi drivers do not know where it is . It is located next to ajmeri gate on the one way system.	
Apr 19 2009 	Decent	The hotel is decent &amp; as per Ginger standards. The rooms are good&amp; clean. Its located very conviniently esp if one wants to travel from NDLS station or arives these late at night. On the negative side its in the congested &amp; poluted area of station &amp; u cant step out for a snack or stroll if u desire.	
Apr 18 2009 	Inexpensive but know what you're getting into	My friends and I booked a room at Ginger to save some money. It came highly recommended by my friend's coworkers in Bombay. However, we ended up not staying there. On the drive there, our driver muttered in Hindi that 'cheaters go there'. Then, as we waited to check in, the fellow customers, all men, started casually inching closer to my friends and me. We were a group of 3 20-something women, and two of us are white. While we may very well have been perfectly fine, it would have been nice to know about the area and clientele before we booked the room. Later in the week, my friend reconnected with a friend from Delhi who told us it's located in the Red Light district. That reaffirmed our choice to return to Claridges.Couples, men, families - I'm sure it's a great deal. Women traveling without male companions... it might be prudent to stay elsewhere.	
Apr 17 2009 	Good Place	Good place for a 2-3 days leisure time. The room service was quick and the food was satisfactory. The rooms were neat &amp; clean.I would recommend to the viewers to stay at this place.	
Apr 16 2009 	Purely Smart Basics !!	Loved my stay here. Hotel is clean &amp; proper. Has a good restaurant as well.Rooms are self sufficient, though small if you are looking at spending more than 3 days here.Staff is extremely helpful.Located right in the Delhi Railway Station premise, so good for Train travellers. At the same time, it's away from the hustle-bustle of the train travellers at the station.However, the entrance is a little dificult to locate the 1st time around. Entrance way is crowded as well, if coming via car.Also, if you are a very light sleeper, then the Honking of the night train can disturb you. But less likely. I slept like a LOG !!General store cum Medical store in Hotel complex is fully equipped, and is priced at MRP.Overall good experience for a one-2 nite stay for work.	
Mar 31 2009 	Great value and excellent location	Ginger was just what we needed for the final 3 nights of our 3 1/2 week stay in India.It was basically an Indian travelodge, so don't bother staying if you want an authentic heritage experience, but the room was immaculate (by western standards rather than Indian) and complete with a fridge and tea and coffee making facilities, TV, comfy bed, AC, etc.The location just outside New Delhi station was perfect for arriving/departing via the station, within walking distance of Paharganj and Connaught place, and a short metro ride to Old Delhi's main attractions (Red Fort, mosque, etc.) The 24 hour restaurant came in handy for our day trip to Agra and early morning flight back to London - staff at reception were also happy to ring for a metered cab to the airport when the travel desk in the foyer tried to charge us 1200Rs to get to the airport!At 990Rs a night, this was slightly expensive than other hotels we stayed in in India but worth every penny.	
Mar 16 2009 	Excellent value but a bit of a nightmare outside	It's an Indian TravelLodge. So excellent value for money, good clean room with a/c and good clean bathroom but basic decor and a bit echoey in the corridors. The restaurant / snack bar is good (try the plain dosa). It is a short trundle across the car park and through a little gateway from New Delhi railway station. You can't leave your luggage before / after check-in but there's a rather forbidding left luggage place in the station. The hotel has a perimeter fence and a security guard. Immediately outside, you're in a horrendous noisy tide of hand carts, jeeps, motorbikes etc - or you can hit lucky and find it pretty quiet. Getting in is OK if the taxi knows the circuitous route to the entrance. Otherwise, they'll drop you right by the building and it is quite a challenge to find the way in. Expensive internet.	
Mar 15 2009 	Very nice and clean hotel but the restaurant	Very nice clean hotel with good room facilities, good location just at Ajmeri gate 100m from NDRS and metro, nice stuff - willing to fully refund one mine canceled night, but also sometimes act too bureaucratically. Hotel restaurant is a different story. It works like fast food and they had no croissants and breakfast like food at the morning even if listed in the menu. Same with fruit salad.	
Mar 11 2009 	Exceptional value in a big city!	We stayed for two nights early March and then again a week later. Both times the rooms were immaculate, we stayed in a double room costing just 999 rupees per night, the rooms are equipped with Satellite TV, kettle, tea and coffee, fridge, celan bathroom with shower curtain, these are a rarity in India! We had a problem with our toliet on the second visit but maintenance were at the door almost as soon as we had put the phone down from calling reception, and the problem was rectified.The hotel is a couple of minutes walk from New Delhi station which makes it perfect for early morning train journeys. We too had a problem with a taxi driver not knowing where the hotel was, but we also had a tuk-tuk driver who didn't know where Connaught Place was?!?!? The staff in the hotel are really helpful and work really hard to keep everyone happy, they even called Domino's pizza for us as we were having trouble with their pay phone.	
Feb 28 2009 	Value hotel in a good location	Good value hotel, Clean rooms very close to the train station. good choice for a nights stay in Delhi before your onward jurney.	
Feb 21 2009 	Absolute value for money no frills located right next to Railway station	A Compact small room with wooden flooring, clean bathroom, with a telephone, air-conditioner and a cupboard with hangers was all for Rs 999. A standard room means a Queen side double bed, whereas a twin bed room are two separate beds. There is also a category with four beds at the same price if there are more people! The rooms are small, and one could compare this with Ibis in Europe, only that dust in India makes it harder to keep the property as clean. But no complaints.There is a restaurant at the ground floor (Comesum) which serves decent food options. The location is excellent, next to the Railway station and to Connaught place, N Delhi. When we stayed, there was lots of metro rail construction happening around the hotel which made access slightly round-about. However, we could walk to the railway station early morning strolling our bags on our own (there are baggage strolleys available in the hotel restricted till the main entrance of the hotel) in about 7 minutes.The laundry service was reasonable and prompt - deposit in the morning and receipt by evening 8 pm.We booked online and check was easy too. There is a helpful reception desk. The hotel is quite busy due to the price and location, and one needs to bear with that.Overall, a comfortable and convenient stay.	
Feb 11 2009 	good value for Rs 1200	I stayed here once alone and once with my wife in January 2009 for Rs 1200. Overall a good hotel but there is a problem in getting taxi drivers to find it. Most don’t recognize the address whether spoken or written down. But I eventually go there on every ride, with perhaps a ten minute delay. It is a forty-five minute car ride to and from the airports, don’t use a rickshaw. Rooms were Spartan but spotless on both visits. The lobby was slightly less clean yet more than adequate for a quick stop over in Delhi. The restaurant had reasonable food and prices (Rs 60-100/entrée), but the menu was limited during any given meal.	
Feb 7 2009 	Ginger Hotel	Our stay at the Ginger Hotel was great. Forget expensive bed and breakfast hotels, the Ginger Hotel is a no frills, and a great hotel. Our family of 4 stayed in 2 rooms as the family room (1000INR) was totally booked. We stayed in a double and 2 singles rooms (1000INR each) for 3 days. We arrived at the hotel which is located next to the NDLS railway station. It was chaotic outside. We approached the hotel gates, security didn't let the car through (security check), we got off, and headed towards the lobby. Check in was a bit of pain as Indians don't understand getting in line to get attention. We were soon given our room keys and went upstairs. We but our bags in the trolly. THe rooms were clean, and had the basic necessities. 4 water bottles inside the room. Heater and AC were part of the room w/ remote control. TV was LCD. Internet was expensive but we didn't care as we were at the hotel to only catch night sleep. THe floor consisted of an iron table in the hallway. THe hotel at the lobby is superb. Order watever you want as they are open 24 hrs, indian/chineses/western and is clean. We ate dinner here every night as we were sure not to get sick. THe hotel also has a gym and meeting room. Newspaper free at lobby. No outside noise was noticibly. Pick this hotel if you want a inexpensive 3.5 star service. It's centrally located to all monuments, and shopping areas are a taxi drive away. Since it's located near the train statin catching a taxi/or a 3 wheeler was a breeze. Walk outside the gate and towards the train station, there you will find an office for the 3 wheelers. Tell them where you want to go and you will prepay your trip. No negotiating. For taxi, the black taxis are outside too but here you have to talk to the drivers. We took a taxi to the airport for 400INR but all intercity trip to visitor monuments/shopping were done in tuktuk (3 wheelers). Would I stay here? In a heartbeat. Save the money and use that on shopping. You are on vacation and will use the bed for only night 8 hrs of sleep anyway. I spent 3500INR for a bed and breakfast hotel on the last stay which was pathetic (house of lords), spend the money at Ginger. Make sure you prebook online if you want the Family room (4 ppl for 1000INR) as it's in HOT demand. We couldn't get the deal so we took the regular rooms for 2 at 1000INR each which is still great. Staff is super friendly, will go out of the way to help. They've even got a ground transportation group at the lobby but I thought they were expensive. A medical store exists in the lobby as well. Request a room in the higher floors for a greater view. See pics of the location. This is a gem in the city no doubt. Coming into a foreign country from the US is a headache but staying at Ginger will calm the situation a LOT.	
Feb 6 2009 	Great value for Money	Stayed at Ginger during a short trip to Delhi in January 2009 with friends. There were 3 of us, so we got the Family room which has 4 beds for Rs.1000/nightThe stay was comfortable and just what it advertised itself as - a no frills hotel. Though service at the hotel was good, there were areas for improvement. 1. The hotel provides only 2 towels in a room meant for 4 persons and you need to ask them for extra towels. The towels could be of better quality - they shed threads which stuck all over!2. Wifi/Internet access is expensive at Rs.130/hour compared to internet rates elsewhere3. The room key card repeatedly stopped working and meant a trip to the lobby each time to fix it!On the positive side,The staff was very polite and helpful. The 24 hour cafe is convenient, especially when you need to leave at odd hours of the night. The food wasn't bad either :)Having a metro station at your doorstep is really usefulThe beds were very comfortable or maybe I was just really tired. The location of the hotel near the New Delhi Railway Station and Metro station is convenient BUT it also means that road access to the hotel can be confusing, as it is in an area surrounded by a parking lot and a railway parcel area.Overall, if you aren't going to spend a lot of time in your hotel room and just need a comfortable, safe and clean place to spend the night Ginger is the place for you, but don't expect a full service hotel. There are still a few kinks they need to iron out but the helpful staff fixes any problems quickly.I would definitely stay here again the next time I visit Delhi.	
Feb 5 2009 	Good Hotel	Hotel was good and neat and clean. As I presume they are a no frill hotel where we need to fetch our water as well. I guess they can modify those a bit. The toilets and the bath does not have any buckets or mugs. If you have a kid you are in for some trouble with that. No room service or bell boys are there. Not a bad choice for a stay next to NDLS station	
Jan 16 2009 	Great value for a family of 4	We stayed in 12/2008 twice for 2 nights each in a family room which sleeps 4. The first time the room was not very cléan - but the second time it was. Great location - great price (INR 1000 per night). If you check in later or check out earlier they automatically give you a reimbursement. The surrounding area is not recommended to go for a walk.Due to heavy construction work and proximity to the railway station it does get loud if you wish to keep the window open. There are however 2 A/Cs in the family room and 2 fans.The 24 hour restaurant in the basement is OK - its clean and has a wide variety of dishes: southindian, north indian, even blackforest cherry cake ;-)The car rental service in the hotel is however a rip-off. Book your transport elsewhere. Staff is friendly and helpful. You can also get your clothes washed there. Internet access works most of the time.	
Jan 12 2009 	Nice enough close to New Delhi railway station	We pre-booked a room in Ginger hotel for our first night in Delhi. The taxi driver had serious problems to get to the hotel as the hotel is next to an enormous parking lot for rickshaws as well as the train station. However, he got us there and we were greeted by the friendly staff. Our room on the 5th floor wasn't that spacious but nice. Clean sheets, flatscreen TV and complimentary bottles of water as well as teabags and coffee. The bathroom wasn't the cleanest we have ever seen but good enough. As we were leaving for Rajasthan, we decided to spend one more night a week later. We asked the front desk staff upon checkout about making a reservation for that night. They said that there were rooms available. However, they could not make the reservation - we had to do it through the Ginger website... To use their internet access, we would have to pay more than a 100 rs for a wireless card. (1 hour costs about 35-40 rs at any internet café in town)The next time we came to Delhi, we found out that the metro is extremely close to the hotel, about 25 metres from the hotel gate. There is however no metro sign so you have to ask the guard to show you the direction. Ginger hotel is also very close to the railway station which is convenient for early morning departures but also causes noice at night. The hotel isn't five-star but for the price, it's definitely recommended!	
Jan 10 2009 	RESERVATION NOT HONORED- left stranded	My friend is stranded in Delhi because Ginger Hotel didn't honor her reservation. They had record of the reservation but there were no rooms available. It's the middle of the night, her first trip to India and I'm here in the US desperately trying to google some kind of alternative. So...BE CAREFUL. Double check that they are ready for you. Otherwise it's a great place to stay.	
Jan 9 2009	Great value for money with few kinks	As an NRI family from USA, including 2 teenagers , and traveling in India for the first time, we were a little apprehensive about our Indian travel agent's recommendation re this hotel. However, overall experience for our 2 rooms over 5 nights turned out to be excellent . We checked in at 3AM on 12/19 and checked out on 12/24 without any problems. They gave us partial credit for the 1st night, which was a pleasant surprise. Access to the hotel is cumbersome, but since we had hired a private car with a driver, this was not a problem for us.Best things were front desk svc, 24hr restaurant (cheap, lots of variety, mild food, good svc), laundry svc, cleanliness, uninterrupted hot and cold running water, free water bottles, free tea &amp; coffee, and access to a safe. We did not miss not having room service. Although the family room does have 4 beds, it is very small and quickly got congested with all our baggage. So our decision to book 2 rooms, and have access 2 bathrooms and extra space turned out be a good one. The biggest issue was inconsistent housekeeping svc; e.g. some days we got only 1-2 towels or no TP for 4 people; one day no svc at all. They always fixed the problem promptly upon complaining, but it did not have to be this way. The only other issue was night time noise at the Rlwy Stn, which we drowned out by running the A/c fan without the A/c. Also, WiFi broke the 2nd day and never got fixed, even though they said it would be fixed within a couple of hours - a problem not unique to Ginger, but commonly encountered in India.If you want a 5 star hotel, Ginger is not for you. But I would definitely recommend this hotel to any family that wants basic modern value for money.	
Jan 8 2009 	Good value for money and good location	Stayed at the Ginger New Delhi, mainly because of the location - it was a few mins walk to the train station and metro line so that is why we chose it.Overall, it was really good value for money, clean hotel and friendly staff.ROOM - room was an adequate size, wooden flooring and clean. The bathroom was a wet room but I found the toilet was a little high - such that when you were sat on the loo, your legs wouldn't touch the floor :-)The complimentary water provided in the room was really good and a nice touch.SERVICE - there was a restaurant bolted next door to the hotel with access from the hotel which served food which was great as it meant we didn't have to start hunting around for breakfast.LOCATION - it was very conveniently positioned which was handy as we were catching the 0615 train to Agra so we just had to hop out of bed, and walk to the train. The location meant that you could hear the station announcements and was noisy at times, but we were in a city after all, so noise was expected. Ear plugs are something I now carry with me at all times!OTHER - there was a little room which had complimentary water, iron and ironing board, and newspapers which was nice to have.COST - very good value for money - can't fault this hotel on this!Overall, I would definitely stay again, great little hotel, clean, good value for money - what more to do need! By no means was it the Ritz but it was functional - just what we needed!	
Jan 5 2009 	A good value hotel in Delhi	I choose this hotel after extensive research of hotels in Delhi.The thing that finally swung it for me, was that is was cheap.The selection of hotels in Delhi swings from the cheap to the ridiclious.The Ginger seemed to be a hotel that served the purpose of being a safe,clean bed for a couple of nights.We flew in from Goa, for a couple of days of sightseeing, a day trip to Agra and then onward to Jaipur.This hotel was adequate for that purpose.The good points were, clean rooms, serviced daily, on site 24hrs cafe, close to the new delhi railway station, great for catching the shatbadi express at 06.15 to AgraThe bad points, the construction work of the metro makes the area chaos, a taxi ride from anywhere else, you over look an interesting area!, expensive wi-fiConclusion: If you want a good value, clean hotel in Delhi, the Ginger hotel is a good option	
Dec 3 2008 	Value for Money	Surprisingly Rooms at Ginger Hotel was available for the dates that I was traveling to New Delhi. it was an hazel to reach the hotel, with all the construction work going on around it, and its location near the station gave jitters. All these was only till we reached to the hotel. The people at the reception were friendly and the room, pretty clean and tidy. Could not say it was big, but was sufficient for 2 persons. The only point of concern was the food at comesum restaurant housed inside, the food was just edible! though the live music at the restaurant was pretty good.Overall the hotel is complete value for money	
Nov 22 2008 	Excellent Value	This is the best value hotel I've ever been to. Its thoroughly modern, with all the basic facilities (including payed Wi-Fi at rooms). The location is good too, with Metro station right outside, and one metro stop away from Connaught Place (i.e., 5 minutes). Also, its easily booked online. The downsides - the shower area is a bit small, and the beds are very light (which can be a bad thing if you want them to stay put). Its also quite busy just outside, due to the railway station (Indian Railways, not the metro). There is no room service, though the affordable 24 hour restaurant Comesum is decent.	
Nov 10 2008 	best thing about the hotel is self service .. loved the ambience	i have recently gone through a very fantastic service in the hotel industry in india..the service provided to me was through the hotel ginger in new delhi..the system of help yourself is catching up fast in india and much to my delight the price of the hotel is fair enough to shell my wallet.	
Nov 8 2008 	Leisure at very low cost	I usually go on my bussiness trip to New Delhi. I prefer to stay in in Ginger Hotel. It has all the facilities that any four star hotels would have . Moreover easy to check In. Good Bed and superb guest service	
Nov 4 2008 	Excellent Value for money	Excellent value for money.. Neat and clean. Within the New Delhi Station, hence a great choice for people travelling to or from there. There is a 24 hour medical shop and a vending machine for those late night hunger pangs. All of this for less than a thousand bucks !!	
Oct 30 2008 	Superb! Best choice at New Delhi Train Station	We have been there in Sept 2008.It is directly located at New Delhi Train Station.Cleanest hotel we had in whole India in this price range around 1000Rs. Reservation by internet or phone. TV, a/C, 24h warm water, clean linen.	
Oct 23 2008 	Excellent Deal..	No one could imagine such an excellent stay at the heart of New Delhi.I stayed for 4 Nights. The room was perfectly Clean. I will definitely opt this hotel again if I visit Delhi againThe Price was the great attraction. It cost just 1000 rupees. But It gave the facilities &amp; comfort of 4000 Rs room. Superb.. Real Value for Money	
Sep 15 2008 	More than Value for Money.	This is a new Budget range Hotels from Tata Group operated with the brand name Ginger and Tata Group also owns the Taj 5* Hotels in India &amp; Abroad.An existing 7 Floors Rail Yatri Niwas which was managed by Indian Railways has been handed over to Ginger Hotels to run the Buget Hotels and it has been refurbished completely and opened in August 2008. With the Hotel Pricing at 1000-1200 for AC Room with LCD TV, Mini Regrigerator with small but neat and clean rooms you cant ask anything more. The biggest surprise was even a 4 Bedded Family Room also was priced at Rs. 1000 with Two AC's. They have WIFI Zone, Mini Gym, 24hrs Restaurant, Vending Machine and also a 24hr Pharmacy Center within the complex. I had seen around 15-20 International Tourists staying at this place. The Rooms are with Dark Shades with basic interiors and Hot &amp; Cold Water. No Room Service is provided and they manage with few staff and thats where they are able to cut down the costs. However compared to other Ginger Hotels this one is priced at much lower rate I guess it could be because of the agreement with Indian Railways because they have provided the Land &amp; Building.	
Jul 20 2009 	Parfait pour un aterrissage en douceur		
