Aug 22 2009 	Great place to stay in Delhi near the center of the city	This was my first trip to India I had no idea where to stay. The Jaypee Siddharth was selected by my business representative in Bangalore and my 4 night stay was a very good experience. The purpose of the trip was business and the desk and chair in the relatively spacious room on the third floor had good reception for the wireless internet connection. The internet connection is 400 INR per 24 hour period additional charge with unlimited sign on/signoff. The access speed was a very good, 54.0 Mbps.The location was good with a HDFC Bank with a 24 hour ATM 1/2 block to the east along the elevated metro line. One block to the west the Rajendra Place metro station is four stops from the Connaught Place metro stop which is one of the shopping districts. The pool seems to have had a recent upgrade and was a welcome surprise. I swim for exercise and stress relief and the pool is at least 20 meter maybe 25 meters long. Although it is not primarily a lap pool, the center rectangular section is wide enough for 4 lap swimmers. It was very clean even the morning after a torrential downpour and wind storm that knocked out power to parts of Delhi and flooded roads around the city.The restaurant in the lobby was the only one of the hotel restaurants I tried during my stay and had a very good breakfast buffet with Indian vegetarian dishes and fresh fruit selection. I have not eaten Indian food much and it is a bit spicy but I really like them. The dishes offered at the buffet were well prepared and there was excellent service from an attentive and friendly staff.	
Jun 20 2009 	Decent Stay at the Jaypee	We had to attend a wedding in Patelnagar, so we decided to book a 2 week stay at the Jaypee.We got a great deal online, Rs5250 per night, so this was perfect. The only other experience I have with hotels in Delhi, is from staying at the Maurya on our last trip, so I may not have the best idea of what Delhi hotels are like. If the Mauriya qualifies as a 5 star, I would give this place close to a 4 star (3.5 would probably fit the bill perfectly). Before giving my review, I would like to say that I would defiinitely stay here again, especially if I got the same rate. So here is my review:1. THE GOOD:-Small but elegant lobby, with a bar and restaurant attached. the restaurant and bar definitely give it a 5-star type of quality, very westernized. Drinks provided on check-in. -Lots of pretty ladies working behind the desk, overall a very kind, courteous, and accommodating staff.-High quality rooms, with hardwood floors. central a/c, plasma TVs, and marble bathrooms. Similar to the Maurya's standard rooms (without the nice carpeting).-Great bakery. lots of U.S. style cakes and pastries, and reasonably priced (also 1/2 price after 8pm).-Free Breakfast at the restaurant in the lobby. Great food, excellent service. This place is open 24 hours, and has a great selection of Indian and western food. The even had steaks and cheeseburgers! Tasty French fries.-Awesome room service, we had amazing meals at 4am, since we were still on U.S. time when we first got there. Everything was freshly prepared. This was especially appreciated after a disappointing meal from the 'Bukhara' restaurant at the ITC Maurya Hotel (I'll write a review about that also, we wanted to go back after having a great meal there on our last visit when we stayed at the Maurya). -Great laundry service.-Excellent spa service (as per my wife, I never saw it).-Great beauty parlor for women-my wife used them to help her get ready for every even for the wedding (I think this was in the spa, I never saw it personally).-Free bottled water daily-this really helps, especially if you're from the U.S.2. THE BAD-Location: if you don't have family in the area, or you are not a businessperson working in the &quot;Karol Bagh&quot; area, you maybe disappointed, there weren't any attractions nearby. However, this hotel really is a perfect if you have family in the area (like I do), and if you're in the area to conduct business (the area seems to be a big business center with lots of offices and stores). -No slippers, no robes, and no alarm clocks (or any timepiece) in the room.-No ironing board or iron, you have to ask for these.-They won't let Domino's or Pizza Hut deliver to the hotel.-Rs 400/day for internet access-Comeonnn! they should've comped us with free internet, especially if we were staying there for 14 nights!3. THE UGLY-Quite a few days without hot water- The hotel seemed to be having a problem on my floor with the hot water. I will say they attempted to fix the problem several times, and sent up people to fix it quite quickly, but this was a recurring problem throughout our 2 week stay. Since it was quite hot in May, we didn't mind taking a luke-warm shower.-Although fully renovated, there were about 2 days with lots of banging and drilling above our room. It was in the afternoon only, but once again, we were on a reverse schedule for a few days and just wanted to sleep (we got there a week before the wedding just to get to sleep off some jet-lag).Once again, overall this was a great stay, and for the money, it was a better deal than the other 5-star types in the area. For the price, I would stay here hands-down over any other hotel in Delhi. That is coming from the demographic of a family that usually stays at Hilton/Sheraton type of hotels on family trips, and Ritz-Carltons for business.	
Jun 17 2009 	heaven on earth	Jaypee Siddharth is one of the finest five star hotel in New Delhi. The hotel's proximity to the Connaught Place by 3kms has made it a preferred stay option. It is an Ideal choice for both leisure and business travellers.Jaypee Siddharth stands tall as a beacon to the comfort hungry Traveller, where your every wish is pampered, where every member of the staff and every facility is dedicated to make you return to this Boutique luxury hotel, time after time.Being on a business trip here, after attending the conferences with my colleagues, I had ample opportunities to unwind in my comfy room with a view nothing less than heaven on earth.The stay has been marvellous, especially the food and ambience of restaurant where I had an option to dine in any of the interesting outlets like Paatra, an Indian restaurant, Tapas, a lounge bar, Eggspectation, a resto-cafe, and the Old Baker, a confectionery shop.Plus the superb experience at the SPA enlightens your soul with its supreme ecstacy.	
Dec 7 2008	Lovely	Amazing is the word. Wonderful hotel, wonderful ambience and wonderful staff. What a place..a treat for everybody..	
Dec 4 2008 	Can't Wait to Go Back !!	Well I found Hotel Siddharth as one of Comfortable Hotels ..and yah ofcourse I truly enjoyed a leisurely stay over there.. The Hotel has almost all the required facilities like Swimming Pool , Doctor On call , and the most thing i liked about the hotel is the comfortability and quality of food and ofcourse the service they provide is very quick ..The lobby was beautiful and the staff very friendly , in fact the whole hotel had a nice ambience about it. For me it was a gud experience to stay in siddharth as i came from Mumbai to attend my best friend's marriage ....so i felt relaxed!!	
Mar 15 2008	Much Better than Expected	We were travelling with a tour party and having read the reviews I was not looking forward to staying here; however, I was pleasantly suprised. The foyer was modern and welcoming, reception was efficient and our room on the second floor was clean and comfortable. Other members of our party were on the 4th floor which had yet to be refurbished and were not impressed. The food was good, including afternoon tea and delicious cakes from the patisserie off the foyer. Staff were helpful and efficient. The location of the hotel is never going to win prizes but was fairly close to the sights of New and Old DelhiThe outside swimming pool was closed for major refurbishment, just as well as the weather was unseasonably cold. A good business/tourist hotel.	
Mar 1 2008 	Not bad at all!	This is my first time in India and we went to walk the Gift Show. As this was a busy time, our travel agent tried to book several mid-priced hotels for us with no luck. Spending $500 - 600 USD per night was just too much. So we were glad that he managed to book the Jaypee for us for $300 USD per night which is still quite high for what we thought we would have to pay for a mid hotel in India. Then I went onto Trip Advisor and read all of the terrible reviews and became quite apprehensive - bringing my own towels and a bedsheet in case the bed was dirty. I also had our sales agent ask the hotel to make sure we had a renovated room in which they confirmed back quickly. Our contract included airport transfer but when we arrived, there was no one there from Jaypee. Not a good start. We called the hotel and they said that there was no record that we needed a pickup. We just got a taxi and headed towards the hotel. Having traveled extensively in Asia, nothing prepared me for the chaotic traffic in Delhi. Everytime I got into a car, I just prayed that we get there safely. When we got to the hotel, I was impressed by the small yet elegant lobby. The check-in was a breeze and learned that using the wireless internet and breakfast was complimentary. I was most apprehensive about the room but when I got in, I could tell it was fully renovated with hardwood floors and marble in the bathroom. There is even a flat screen TV. Though the room is small, it is spacious for two people and the air conditioning works fine. The room was clean and I had no problems using the towels or sleeping in the bed. You do hear some street noise such as the honking from cars, but it really wasn't that bad.The breakfast was pretty good as well with made-to-order eggs and bacon along with a spread of traditional Indian food, fruit, cereals, etc. We also had dinner twice in the Indian restaurant Praata which is very good and reasonably priced.All in all, no complaints about this hotel and compared to the much more expensive 5* hotels, this hotel is good value.	
Oct 19 2007 	Not Good	The general appearance of the hotel is very nice. I had read the reviews advising to avoid this hotel but the agent booked it contraryto my request and advised that the refurbishment was completed. IT IS NOT.We were only here for i night but it was not good. The first room they put us in really had a strong stench from smoking. The second room was a little better and we were pretty tired so we just put up with it. The paint was literally peeling from the wall, not particularly clean and a little warning sign asking to be excused forthe noise that we will experience from the renovation. We then discovered that the fridge didn't work and the kettle didn't work.We had to get up at 3am for an early flight otherwise I would have moved rooms again but if you are using 5 star accommodation you really shouldn't have to put up with this rubbish (most hotel sites list this as a 5 star property)	
Jun 27 2007 	Jaypee Siddharth not recommended during renovations	The City Park Hotel is a much better, less expensive alternative. This hotel is under renovation and you had to access the elevator from the next level (not fun with suit cases). The air condition did not work all of the time throughout the entire building. They were doing construction on the patio until 8pm. Rather than put people on upper floors away from this, they put me right above it. Despite my Orbitz reservation, i had to fihgt them for everything that was confirmed such as a King sized bed and airport transfers.On the way back, they called a &quot;local&quot; taxi without air conditioning to take me back.The bed is hard as a rock - no matter what size.Internet did not work the first night.The breakfast buffet has been better at all other hotels I have seen but the normal menu for dinner is good.One good thing is that this is right off the metro line (Rajendra Place).	
May 12 2007 	Way to expensive	Some rooms are still not renovated, look like 15-20 years old, but it doesn't mean that they charge you less if they put you in such a room...The aircondition seems to be a absolute must, only arctic temperatures seem to be acceptable for their guests. Got a stiff neck the first day! Draft in the lobby, the bar, the breakfast restaurant ...By the way, talking about breakfast: If you take an omelette or fried eggs (which they propose you), you have to pay it extra!It's location is central, but that means also noisy. And since they do not invest in noise-proof windows (or insulating windows to save at least some energy for that matter) it means also that the rooms are terribly noisy.Staff is helpful and nice, as I was used to from the other Jaypee Hotel (Jaypee Vasant Continental at the outskirts of Delhi - much better!), but they couldn't make up for the drawbacks of the infrastructure and the absolutely outrageous prices.Internet for a week: more than 100$! (sorry, but this is unacceptable, whil other hotels provide it for free...).If you want any value for your money, choose another hotel.	
Feb 12 2007	Discusting ! Bad Location ! Unclean !	I had the misfortune of staying in this god-forsaken hotel in the midst of chaos in Feb 3 and 4, 2007. I was firstly given a room with an interconnecting door ! what a nice feature ! You can hear your neighbours nocturnal noises etc.... Had to sleep one night and then we were given a room on the fifth floor after complaining. Even more disgusting....bathrooms were dirty...fixtures on the wall were old and dusty. All in all we felt like we were moved to a dog house. By no standards it can be called 4 star ! For the price they charge it is definitely not worth it. I hope readers of this review will never stay in any of the Jaypee hotels as the Clarks Shiraz in Agra was the same. BTW, they called these rooms deluxe. Yuk ! Yuk !Forgot to mention the noise levels of both the traffic and the ongoing construction. See pictures attached.	
Jan 11 2007	Good and Bad	The room we had was refurbished and extremely nice with flat screen tv and waterfall shower. The view out the window was terrible - construction. No double beds were apparently available. Our friends tried to get some, but were moved to an older, unrefurbished room. They moved back the next night.Be warned about the construction! It begins at about 8am and proceeds to about 9pm. Very loud. Also, the pool is not usable (apparently due to the construction), and there is NO business center (we were allowed to sit in a small sales room with a computer for about 150 Rs per 30 minutes, but the connection to the internet was extremely slow, kept failing and the front desk staff had no idea how to operate and/or fix the computer or connection).The doormen were nice, but the front desk staff were extremely rude and unhelpful to me. It was apparently an imposition upon them when they had to answer a question or acknowledge my presence (such as when I checked out).Finally, note that the restaurant plays extremely loud, obnoxious techno music in the mornings (it was Christmas carols to a techno/disco beat when I was there...). You would thus do well to avoid the restaurant in the morning if you are hungover, or cannot tolerate terrible dance mixes.	
Nov 22 2006	Better than I expected	I stayed in this hotel on November 11th 2006. I had previously read the comments about the hotel and therefore was not expecting it to be as good as it was. Yes, there are renovations going on and therefore the lobby is small and crowded and the reception staff must have a terribly hard time (in my opinion) dealing with customers and the noise. However, there is a man occupying a desk - Travel Desk - and I would advise the management to get rid of him as in my experience and that of one of my colleagues (we were part of a tour group that completed our trip at this hotel) he is useless and rude. He showed such indifference to my query that it was unbelievable. As I said earlier, the reception staff are having to cope with the constant noise and people constantly checking in and checking out and as it's a small area only two of them can fit. It would really help to get rid of the man on the Travel Desk and add an extra receptionst there. However, I have no complaints whatever about the receptionists. My bedroom was fine - comfortable and clean. I noted no smells anywhere. Better/double glazed windows might be good to keep out the noise from the street below. There was some carry on down there that sounded like someone on a loudspeaker repeating the same thing over and over again early in the morning that was rather annoying. The room had a tea/coffee making facility which was nice. The bar staff were very nice and the restaurant that is part of the bar (or vice versa) served very nice food - I had a lovely pasta dish which made a lovely change from three weeks of curries etc! There is a happy hour in the bar from 5 - 7pm (one drink for the price of two) which we availed of. Nice bar, lovely glasses. Perhaps the location is not great but then frankly of the little I saw of Delhi, no location is great but that could be and probably is wrong. The bell boys and door staff at the hotel were very helpful and there were always taxis or motor rickshaws available to take you wherever you needed to go. The hotel needs a proper internet service (it does have one but it is in somebody's office) and it needs an ATM though there is one very close by that has a weird way of working (you put your card in sideways and then take it out and then punch in your numbers, etc) and didn't work at all for me though it did for at least one of my colleagues. I didn't openly pay for this hotel as it was included in my trip price but when looking for Delhi hotels, I found it very hard to find medium priced ones that were highly recommended. I think there is a shortage of hotels there - there was when I stayed that night - or so the rude Travel Desk man told me ie. that there was not a hotel room to be had in Delhi because of some trade conference or such like. I had to go on the internet to find myself another hotel - which I did so Travel Desk man was wrong (as this one couldn't accommodate me for the next night though if they had I would have stayed there).	
Oct 23 2006	Do Not Stay!!!	Do yourself a favor and NOT stay at this hotel! For the price they charge, you can stay at a much nicer hotel. The smell, are small, and the staff is rude. There was construction going on when i stayed and the hotel also also gave us trouble about the complementary taxi to the airport. Would definately not suggest.	
Jun 4 2006	Extremely overpriced	We stayed at this hotel for one night passing through Delhi on the way to Agra. It is quite old fashioned and drab inside although a sign outside states that refurbishments are in progress so perhaps this is to be improved. There was a terrrible smell in the corridor and to my disgust I found that the room smelled exactly the same. Room service and housekeeping staff were extremely pleasant but refused to leave the room until they were tipped (every time) which I found quite annoying since we were paying $170 approx for the room - way more than it was worth. Bed was hard with old linen but the shower was good. Breakfast was quite good the following morning but to add insult to injury they tried to charge us for it. Thankfully they agreed that this was incorrect. I wouldn't stay in this hotel again as it's simply not worth the money. There are plenty of cheaper hotels that offer the same standard of accommodation..and without the smell!	
Nov 20 2004	Must do better	Hotel ok if a little sanitised but some of the staff who work on reception are unbelievably arrogant &amp; rude. I observed repeated instances which were wholly unacceptable which is a shame as the rest of the staff appear conscientious. An improvement on return visit when it appeared a change in reception staff but even these were not what I would expect and standard below everywhere else experienced (including 2* &amp; below establishments).	
Aug 20 2004	Great Place	Stayed at the JP Siddartha August 2004. Service, food, room and ambience are all excellent. THere is a also pool, a small gym and health club. Location isn't brilliant as there is little to visit within walking distance and Connaught place/Old Delhi are about 20 - 30 minutes by taxi . However, there will be a metro station outside hotel very soon. In summary, would stay there again.	
Jan 11 2009 	Discreto hotel		
