May 15 2009 	Good Location	Conclave Comfort is one of the 3 hotels by the same group in the surrounding locality. Ideally situated specially for people travelling towards Okhala.1) Comfortable stay2)Decent Food3) Good Service4) Decently Priced	
Dec 29 2008 	Nightmare	It is totaly overpriced and pure nightmare. Staff sleeping on the floor and cleaning means spraying insecticides.The phone on the floor rings very loudly every time the hotel gets a call - annoying, it's impossible to sleep. The room is smelly, warm water tap doesn't work. Lot of parts have never been cleaned, fridge doesn't work and is very dirty. Breakfast room is ridiculous, dishes not clean. And so on! The hotel is just disgusting!Pay attention, there are 2 hotels in Delhi named &quot;Conclave&quot;. The other one is ok as far as I know.	
Oct 28 2008 	Will Not Be Staying Here Any Time Soon Again!!!	I am still trying to figure out how this place considers itself a step above others!!! We were booked to stay a couple of nights and we only stayed one. It was our last day in Delhi together and we wanted to get an early start to enjoy the entire day. Well, that was quickly thwarted when for some unknown reason, we could not get any hot water. The heater was on but it got lost in translation along the way from heater to shower head!!! But, let me back up a bit.Our first problem was with the A/C. At this property, there are wall unit air conditioners. I don't know how the other units look, but ours had a lovely brownish-yellow water stain framing it. Truly unsightly!! How difficult and how long would it take to just prime and paint that??? The A/C definitely had a mind of its own turning on, turning off, turning on, turning off! And every time someone came up to fix it, they set it to an arctic 19C degrees!!!So, let's go back to the hot water issue. After calling the front desk to report no hot water, a young man was sent up to investigate. I think he turned a few knobs, clicked the heater on and off and when I asked if it was ok, a gutteral grunt was the response. I wondered if that was yes or no. I am thinking now it was a no because after about a 10 minute wait, I checked again and still no hot water. Another call to the front desk. Now, the front desk person along with gutteral grunter show up. They tinker around a bit and tell us to wait 5 minutes and the hot water will come. It didn't. Call again. This time a barrage of people show up at the door and all file into our cramped room to further investigate the situation. Again, a suggestion to wait 5 minutes and they all shuffle out.Still no hot water. Call again. At this point, I am on the internet (which, by the way was great and perhaps the ONLY bright spot about this place) trying to find us another place to stay! We are told an engineer is on his way up. In the meantime, they send up gutteral grunter with a bucket of hot water to accommodate a shower for two people. Are they kidding? No thanks.The engineer shows up and assures us there will be hot water. At this point we have now lost about 2 hours or more from our day. Well, the hot water finally did arrive...we showered and promptly checked out, much to their amazement!!! How could they have been shocked over our departure??? The room was rather cramped, pretty dark and the mattress felt like it must have seen one too many guests - definitely in need of replacement. Again, the only bright spot was the internet connection which I will say was very good and although the room service was quite quick and the food reasonably tasty, it was without a doubt way over-priced!!We ended up in a 5 -star hotel after leaving this place paying a mere $81 more for the night than we paid for our one night at Hotel Conclave Comfort, but it was well worth it because our last night was spent in HEAVEN in comparison!!This place is WAY over-priced for the quality of room and service and I do not recommend it, not even for a one night stay!!!	
