Jun 19 2009 	Fantastic hotel	this is one of the greatest hotels we once ever lived from the whole world. especially Mr. Satyawan, an excellent manager who support and help us a lot during our first Indian trip.	
Apr 30 2009 	very good location friendly and helpfull staff good rooms	I've been there twice during my india travels and the staff was really nice, friendly and helpfull. the location is a really good value. the hotel has a nice rooftop terrasse and the rooms are good value. If I'm going back to Delhi I would go there again.	
Mar 31 2009 	Great value	I had stayed here before and totally loved it. I love that you can trust the staff and that they genuinely do all they can to help you.Hot water is not reliable here but I can bathe in tepid water no problem.I'm not fond of the room decor so I buy a pretty sheet, remove the drab spread and tuck it in the closet. I also reccommend you use your own towels. White towels become grey in India so fast and just never look or smell clean enough to me.I loved that they remebered me as soon as I arrived. And that was three years previous. Also most all the staff were the same an indication to me that the manager is treating them well.On this trip I met the owner. I simple lovely man.This place is a favourite even among middle class Indians. I love that you can meet locals here.In terms of the room - the beds are comfortable, the bathrooms have showers and buckets, but in ours the drain was too slow.The big plus is free wireless internet throught the hotel and a small fridge in the room!! There's also a TV with plenty of channels to watch. And you're in the heart of shopping heaven!	
Feb 5 2009 	Great service great value: Stay here!	I ha1ve stayed t 4 hotels in Delhi: One grotty one in Old Dlhi, one with cock roaches in Pahar ganj, one OK one in Karol Bagh, then I had a booking for Hotel Swati, but they were over booked. They recommended a nice clean hotel down the street: Rahul Palace. I have really enjoyed my stay here. The service is great, the breakfast service with a smile and the rooms very clean. They also have hot water 24 hours. If I came back to Delhi I would stay here again. Good value in a safe area. Because the agency that I booked under made a mistake Swati Hotel had recommended Rahul Palace. It was a very busy time and all the hotels were taken. One night I stayed in a room, the following night the owner gave me his own office (with bedroom area) to sleep in, free of charge! He said that if I didn't stay he would have to take me home to his family, because there were no rooms in the city. So ignore the bad reviews, if you want a place where the staff will look after you, wireless, clean rooms, hot water and happy staff come here.	
Dec 4 2008 	Disgusting Stay Away!	Absolute rubbish, the electricity was not working in our room. Took 3 servants to fix this. There was poo in the toilet(!) and the stench almost made me spew up. And yet the had the pride to put a &quot;sanatised for your protection&quot; ribbon around the toilet and to make matters worse, the toilet wouldnt even flush. Two servants were sent up to attempt repairs and after four visits they could not get the toilet to flush. Also constant hammering noises as maintenance workers were fixing the hot water system at midnight. no hot water, very disgruntled, arrogant receptionist. requested another room and they agreed, but they called back later saying that all rooms have the same problem!! Checked out the next morning, and the receptionist said there was an additional service charge which he hadn't disclosed before when we confirmed the gross price the day before. We refused to pay the service charge and he didnt even give us a discount for our nightmare stay at this &quot;palace&quot;. A complete circus. STAY AWAY 0-stars!	
Nov 25 2008 	could be better	If you want to stay at this hotel, do it qiuckly before it falls apart.We stayed there for 4 days while on holiday in India. Although the communal areas like the corridors and the restaurant are OK, the rooms are very disappointing. You will find that some rooms don't have windows. They are clean but in urgent need of redecoration. I mean things like door handles falling of, broken showers, missing taps. The windows look like they have not been washed forever, especially the ones in the bathrooms. The main problem we thought was the state of the electic sockets-they are completely exposed hanging of the walls and impossible to use. When we changed to another room, it was just as bad.Having said that the staff at the hotel were very helpful and understanding so if you only need to be there for a couple of days I guess its good enough just don't expect a lot.	
Aug 25 2008 	Dreadful "palace"	We stayed in this &quot;Palace&quot; in February 2005 for one night, although we had booked for three. The memory still scars me which is why I have to see what others have written about this whenever I log on to a travel website. The hotel is completely off the tourist map. Our taxi driver had to stop and ask direction 3 times before he finally found it.The bed was made but the aircon was broken, as was the fridge, and the bed linen looked dirty too. The area is very noisy so we didn't get much sleep.We paid £35/night through a well-known website which used to give the hotel 3 stars, and now gives it 2.5 stars. £35/night is way too much for this place. Having stayed one night, we checked out at 6.00am in the morning and moved to another hotel.	
Jul 16 2008	Real Delhi!	Great food, great terrace, great service, really nice cold A/C, clean rooms, the building is a little run down, but beautiful with marble floors, and this is typical of Delhi. The room and linens are kept clean. The shower sometimes runs cold, but it's not too bad in a place as hot as India. A great location in a busy colourful shopping district. Lots of fun, and a great helpful travel desk. AMAZING SERVICE!!!	
Jun 18 2008 	Great place to stay!	Very clean and friendly people. Food is great and always made fresh. No bugs and the staff are constantly cleaning. The hotel has a great location in the middle of the Karol Bagh markets and close to the Metro station. Air conditioned rooms and free internet service. If I returned to Delhi I would stay here again and I thoroughly recommend it to anyone else.	
Mar 17 2008	people rahul hotel are very kind	In this hotel i have found people very kind that have tryd to make our stay comfortableBernarda olianas	
Mar 9 2008 	Awful Experience!!	We contacted this hotel directly by phone and booked a room for 3 nights. We were told we would be picked up from the airport and driven to Hotel Rahul Palace, which was great because our flight arrived at 2:15am in a crazy city. No one ever showed up to claim us, we had to take a taxi to a phone to call the hotel and they claimed to have never heard of us or our reservation and they were currently full. They gave our room to another guest (probably for a larger amount of money) and left us stranded in a foreign city in the middle of the night. Shame on you Rahul Palace!	
Jan 13 2008	Wonderful room great food and very friendly staff.	The room was very nice. The food in the restaurant was delicious and the staff was very friendly. We very much enjoyed our stay.	
Jan 1 2008 	rahul palace in karol bagh	Hotel expensive compared to many hotels of a similar quality but staff very friendly	
Nov 6 2007 	Avoid - worst place i stayed in India!	This hotel is without doubt the worst place I stayed whilst in India - no hot water, and the room, bed and bathroom were all dirty. Another guest had money stolen from the safe whilst we were there, and we had a member of staff barge into our room without knocking whilst we were getting dressed for no reason. I was really glad to leave!	
Oct 20 2007 	Bed Bugs Scummy Management	Booked this hotel for a trip to Delhi through Expedia, do not believe what Expedia says about it. There is no pool, they will direct you to a nearby Public Pool, the sauna and steam room could not be located either... Although the rooms were advertised as suites the beds were only 6ft long (short for a European), and the rooms were of average standard- one of the two rooms we had had no window, and the a/c in both was very noisy. My bed had some sort of insects in it and I woke up with bites each morning. Bathrooms were ok, although hot and cold water was sporadic. The worst thing about the hotel however is the management, the two who staff the front-desk (one older guy, and a younger guy with glasses) were rude, obnoxious and grasping for any opportunity to make 10 Rs. more. On my check-in I was ignored, and the reception was generally unwelcoming. The hotel had no record of my reservation, although this could be Expedia's fault. The complimentary breakfast (in the reservation) was only grudgingly given following some discussion with the management.If you do stay there be warned that the map on their website is not very accurate and is difficult for taxis to find.	
Sep 13 2007 	Truly Awful	I strongly advice against staying here. The rooms were very basic given the cost. There was no hot water for the entire duration of our stay, despite staff claiming on several occasions that it would be fixed. They were also quite aggressive in trying to sell us an overpriced tour. We weren't particularly worried by this at the time and paid by credit card when we left only to discover when we got home that they had processed the payment twice!!	
Aug 24 2007 	Good overall	The hotel is clean, and the staff extremely friendly. Rooms are simple but quiet, and shower was quite good. Interesting location, though print out map and make sure you have the telephone number as some of my taxi drivers had trouble finding it (there are hundreds of hotels in this area).	
Aug 23 2007 	Pleasant stay!	I found Hotel Rahul Palace by luck through hotels.com. I was glad that it is located on the same street as many other hotels in a busy market district. The moment I arrived my luggage was delivered from the taxi into the lobby. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful from the moment I checked-in until I the day I checked-out. It was clean and well-kept. The front desk agents provided me with detailed information on how to get around the city. To my surprise not a lot of guests utilized the roof top restaurant. I found their selection of American and Indian food to be very affordable and tasty. Although internet was available for guest use, only one was working inconstantly. My only suggestion for the hotel is to provide more reliable computers. Overall, my stay was pleasant.	
Apr 24 2007 	Rahul a badly managed "dhaba".	I had been in contact with this hotel since three months regarding our stay at their hotel and also a trip of 10 days in Rajasthan.I exchanged mails with the administrative executive regarding our trip on a regular basis.Based on the mails I received I was getting the idea that this was going to be the best holiday I ever had even more because I was accompanied by my wife and daughter who were visiting India for the first time.The day of our arrival,time,pick up at the airport,our stay at Rahul while in Delhi ,our trip to Rajasthan starting from Delhi-Agra-Jaipur-Udaipur-Mt.Abu-Jodhpur-Bikaner-Mandewa-Delhi ,transport with a reliable driver,3 or 4 star hotels at all these places and our stay in Rahul for the rest of the days in Delhi before our departure from Delhi---these were all promised to me on paper and on the phone (I made the calls).The total price for the entire trip was calculated and I agreed.They promised us a qualis (jeep) to pick us up from the airport but a small indica (three adults and baggage) showed up.They promised us a triple occupancy presidential suite but what we got was a double room with a camping bed.Everytime we took a meal the waiter(s) would discourage us to charge to our room.They wanted us to pay in cash.I do pity the owner of this &quot;dhaba&quot;because his workers are literally stealing from his establishment.I HAVE PROOF OF THESE STATEMENT.I have already sent a mail to the hotel that I want to communicate with the owner directly.I also intend to send these things along with an offical complaint to ITDC,Min.of Tourism(india),Min.of Foreign affairs(Holland) and the Indian Embassy in The Hague.Evetually everything went WRONG from day 1.After 4 days in Delhi we were ready for our tour of Rajasthan--our means of transportation was changed (bigger car) we had to pay Rs.8000=00 extra.We were promised triple occupancy suits at all the above menyioned places.What we got were all double rooms without extra bed.In Jodhpur the driver brought us to a PG that is a Paying guest house instead of a hotel.***!!!!!!! Well finally our tour was over(thank god) and we came back to Rahul as pre-planned .Upon our arrival at the hotel they told us that we did NOT have a room.The room that we had booked 3 months ago was given away to somebody else.So we had to put all our baggage in a rickshaw and look for a hotel --all this after a very long and difficult drive from Mandewa.TO ALL FELLOW TOURISTS .PLEASE BE AWARE OF RAHUL HOTEL.I HAVE NOTHING GOOD TO SAY ABOUT THIS DUMP.WAITERS AND THE RECEPTIONIST (CHEATS).YOU ARE WARNED.IF YOU WANT TO BE RIPPED,CHEATED,HARRASSED AND STOLEN FROM ===STAY AT RAHUL.If you wish proof of my statements mail me I will send you the names of the people you should be aware of in this dump.My trip was from 6 april--to--22 april.God were we happy to be back in Holland .	
Apr 15 2007	Misleading Descriptions Beware do not stay here	We recently stayed at this Hotel because of the description on a variety of websites. Dont waste your money there is no swimming pool, the air con tripped after 15secs of turning it on and the metal trip switch had to be turned on with a towel to avoid electrocution , the only window in the room looked out on to the stair well, no mini bar, taxes are not included if you pay directly to the hotel, the keys are not electronic, the towels are grey and linen had dubious stains, no free car parking (if you need to park then its out onto the street at your own risk) the elevator would not accomodate a wheel chair if you needed it. The travel desk / info consists of whoever is on the front desk that has a mate in a travel office (and there are a lot of them) who they call in to get their cut should you spend any money with them - complete sharks....! and this is after a long flight and taxi drivers with lost hotel syndrome who want to take you to their friends travel office to get you to book something so they get their cut too.....it goes on and on so you have to be on your toes....!	
Jan 25 2007	First hotel in India We stayed at	Was unpleasently suprised, but as we travelled around India started to realise this place wasnt as bad as it could be.Payed something stupid like £30 a night over the internet, DONT pay this much. You can get a much nicer hotel for less £££££ in a better locatoin.Agree with the rest of the reviews about dodgy staff, but youll meet plenty of the type if you stay in delhi for a while.	
Nov 6 2006 	Dodgy staff rip-off merchants	At ALL costs, avoid this Hotel if possible. Me and my friend stayed at this hotel for a total of 4 nights. It was the longest and worse 4 nights of my life. 1) Dodgy staff. 2) Lies. 3) Rip-off Merchants. 4) Over charged. 1) The staff at this dodgy propety are equally as sly as the rest of New Delhians BUT you expect differently considering you are paying for a service. As written on Expedia, the Hotel boasts free Internet. This IS correct but it comes at a LATER cost. When asking for internet at 9am, I was told that it wouldn't open until 10am and must wait. I had no problems with this. The next 30 minutes cost us $25 Australian Dollars. We went down windy streets only to find that we were going into a tourist shop. They wanted us to buy a tour but we weren't up for it. We finally were able to leave after using the internet . When arriving back at the hotel, the once nice lobby man gave us dirty looks. 2) When checking out of the hotel, we were charged for IDD calls to Thailand and China and un-used room service. (we assume it was because of us not purchasing any tours). DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL unless you ABSOLUTELY must/ enjoy getting ripped off.	
Sep 1 2006 	I would rather stay in prison	This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. The window opened into a dark aircon vent, the room was filthy and the sheets had clearly not been washed. This is a waste of money, don't stay here.	
Aug 23 2006 	Scammers ! Travellers beware ! "Palace" is an exaggeration 1	I spent one night at this hotel after seeing their website where the pictures are good. Finding the place was very tough. The taxidriver drove around these little lanes asking people where this hotel was ... nobody seemed to know it.They overcharged me for the room and the food. To make matters worse they took another 3% for credit card payment.  The room was disgusting, the bed falling apart and the employees were totally useless. This place was a nightmare. Never again.	
Aug 17 2006	Clean. Safe. Decent location.	Got a room for about $20/day through Expedia. Very clean room and bathroom. It felt safe - both the surrounding area and hotel itself where I kept my suitcases (ie, I didn't feel as though someone would steal my stuff). Bathroom with Western toilet and hot shower. They even gave me a free daily newspaper.Great service. My flight got delayed by one day. They still honored my prepaid reservation for the next day.Location is ok. About 10min by auto rickshaw from Connaught place. About 5min walk from their subway/train station.	
Aug 1 2006 	Terrible	Terrible. They cheated us with the room and give us another room, they charged for the water 10 times more than normal. Watch out, better keep away of this property! It is the worst hotel I´ve stayed in. Please beware. Bad neighborhood too far from everywhere, taxis don´t know the zone. The most awful 'hotel' we have ever seen. It was clear that the owners and staff had no training within the hotel trade and had no pride in the product they offered.	
Apr 26 2006	Nice Facility Terrible Management	I recently spent a week at the Rahul Palace Hotel. The hotel itself is in good shape and in a reasonable location, but the awful staff prevent me from wanting to send any business in their direction.Things started off really badly. I had arranged to be picked up from the Domestic Terminal but my flight was delayed three hours so I was only somewhat surprised there was no one there to meet me. I called the hotel and they first suggested I take a taxi. I read about how difficult the place was to find and I wasn't completely comfortable taking a taxi by myself at 11 PM, so I told them to send a car to come get me like I had requested. They told me the driver would be there in 25 minutes. They also provided me with the driver's phone number. I called that too but it was the wrong number, so I had to call the hotel again. They then gave me the right number, but it was mostly useless as the driver hardly spoke English. I waited about 45 minutes and called both the driver and the hotel again. Both told me to wait a little longer and the guy was on his way. Several phone calls later we discovered the hotel sent the driver to the international terminal which is quite a distance away. In the end I waited 90 minutes and spend an obscene amount of money using my cell phone to call these people. The driver also managed to lose the ticket for the parking lot and spent several minutes arguing with the official at the gate. When I arrived at the hotel, the guy at the desk told me to pay the driver 600 rupees. When I made my reservation they quoted me a price of 450 rupees, so I was not liking the feeling of being scammed from the get-go. I refused to pay anything since I had to wait so long and spend so much money in phone calls. The guy at the desk said I should take it up with the manager in the morning.The manager, if that who he actually was, was entirely unsympathetic and found my situation rather humorous. I was unpleased and he didn't want to reimburse me for my airport pickup. Later when I asked them to call a taxi, they just used one of their own over-priced (I realized this later) cars to take me where I needed to go. They were clearly just interested in making money for themselves and not serving their customers' interests. When I had to go back to the airport two days later for my sister's arrival, I had the same terrible driver as the first time. The only positive experience from this trip was there was no charge for me riding along. The driver stopped for food on the way and only turned on the AC when I asked. At the airport he tried to get me to pay for him to enter the terminal, which I refused since it was completely unnecessary. Then he made me pay for the airport parking, which he said the hotel would reimburse. Back at the hotel, I gave the driver a 500 rupee note, wanting 50 rupees in change. He didn't have it so the hotel said they'd bring it up to my room, along with the 60 rupees for the parking. A few minutes later only the 50 rupees arrived. It took another try with the manager to get all my money back. These people are so frustrating!!As for the hotel itself, like I said, it's very nice. There is free, but slow internet in the basement. Beware, the power goes out frequently, which knocks out the computer. There is a generator, but you need to start all over again. The room was clean, the bathroom was decent, and the AC was powerful, though loud. The bed sheets looked clean, though had some holes and weren't really large enough for the bed. They put a single sheet length-wise across a double bed for some bizarre reason. We only got actual hot water once, but we didn't mind to much since it was so hot outside. The food from the restaurant was excellent and can be delivered to your room anytime of day or night for no charge! The neighborhood of the hotel is quite busy at all hours which made it feel safe, but without being noisy at all. The Karol Bagh metro station is about two blocks away and is an easier destination for taxis and autorickshaws once you know where the hotel is since it's on a narrow sidestreet that they can't seem to find.Basically, if you're hard up for a place to stay, Rahul Palace is great and the price (assuming they honor it) is good. I don't want to recommend them, however, because the service was awful and they seem to want to fleece their customers.	
Apr 24 2006	Not bad at all!	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights as a single female traveller. I liked the place although it wasn't perfect. There was only warm water, not hot (not big deal, just don't run the cold one). I would prefer the towels bit more white instead of grey, but.... for the money I would stay there again. After all, I only spend there nights, was out all day everyday. I had one meal at the hotel's restaurant. It was good enough, but the service was a bit slow for my liking. Everybody at the hotel was nice and helpful, could smile a bit more though.	
Apr 14 2006	Not Worth the Money! This Hotel Provid Terrible Service	I am writing this review as I made my decision to stay in this place based upon the review comments here. I am highly disappointed on the review comments in favor of Hotel Rahul Place, and I start suspecting if these review comments are REAL after staying in this hotel. I dont think it is Hotel! But a cheap motel, located in Karol Bagh a very busy business place.I would have not written this review, if I paid Rs500 for a night at hotel Rahul Palace, which i think is worth for stay. I paid $30 + Rs 700 to travel to and from the Airport to this so called 3 start facility. This pinch me a lot now. I should have not took a chance and shall have found a reasonable place to stay even though bit more expensive. If I would have known this before, i would have not spent on this place I spent almost $45 US (Hotel + Taxi. The worse thing was traveling in taxi for 3 hours from 12:30 AM to 3:30 AM after 23 hours of travel from USA to India to find the damn &quot;Rahul Palace&quot; I would have happily spent $145 to be safe and secure. I could not even take a shower with hot water.I started at 12:30 AM from the Airport took a paid taxi to the Rahul Palace on Main Ajmal Khan Road, Karol Bagh, New Delhi. Driver drove on Main Ajmal Khan road for 20 minutes and could not find. Someone told us that we shall look for Rahul Palace in WEA, then we started looking for WEA arae, asked locals no one knew about the place “Hotel Rahul Palace”. It was scary place at night time, I thought I’ll be mugged. I lived in India but I was honestly scared as majority of the people we met were drunk and some were sleeping on the streets, cars, Rikhsa’s, may be a good place during day time but not at night. Especially if you are traveling with female I would not recommend this place at all, area wise. After a long struggle we found the damn “Rahul Place” which was very hidden inside the unplanned thickly populated urban area, where address does not mean anything to locate physically a facility, I am sure mail will not be a problem but for a stranger it is not easy. I don’t know why I spend so much time for $30 to find Rahul Palace, when I could have found better place to stay by spending another $30 in the same area, not i prefer this area. I saw some good places to stay near the airport, when i started the journy to Rahul Palace. Somehow hotel is not that famous as the “WEA” which I later found out is a showroom of same size a typical Seven Eleven about (3000 sqft). The idea is to tell you how misguiding the ranking could be when we try to search through the internet.Finally, I ended up at the motel and staff was OK, helpful, took my stuff to my room. Room was small, AC was making more noise than cooling the room, I had to turn on the fan to cool, TV was OK, and Hot Water was just dripping! Pressure of cold water was so slow I had to spend five minutes to properly drain ---- from the toilet!!!!! Bed sheets were sub grade as per hotel industry probably cleaned once a month and not fresh every time a new customer takes room! Hotel towels were soiled. I ended up using my persoanl towel which luckliy i took with me! Hot water was almost none existing and water pressure was terrible, took five minutes to fill one bucket to take shower with cold water! Forget about shower with hot water!!!Good thing was food, Hotel provided me Dal and Roti, which was decent and very quick. I was Hungary so food tasted very good! Relatively less noise on the street from street traffic as i was supsteing since room was alomst next to street. Staff Person at the reception desk in the morning was discourteous probably was son of the owner had &quot;do not care attitude&quot; I did not feel like I shall tell him to fix hot water. They did ask me to fill customer satisfaction form, which I did with &quot;no care attitude&quot; like the front desk person and tell them the in writing how terrible was the stay. Conclusion: I’ll not stay in the hotel in future, but would rather spend more money if required and find a reasonable place to live. I would not recommend this place for single women’s (especially westeren women) or even people with family especially if you are checking in at the middle of night. Typically all of us end up in Delhi around 10:00 Pm as most of the flights end up reaching Delhi around 10:00 PM.I disagreed with some of the previous review comments that place is good place to live per Indian Standards and value for money, I think Indian Standards have raisin a lot, especially when it comes to value for money spent. I don’t think it applies here, as I wrote before I would pay Rs 500 and stay a night at Rahul Palce and will not be feeling ripped off. I strongly suspect that the review comments about Hotel Rahul Palace are somehow manipulated by the Hotel Owners as they are more favorable than they shall be based upon my experience after staying one night. Also I think, India shall set up a standard system to know hotel ranking as we know that Best Western, Comfort Inn, Holiday Inn is economy, Super 8 Motel is double economy and Radisson, Hyatt, Marriot is luxury and places like Rahul palace are probably fit below motel and shall be considered super economy.Hope this helps! I was not thinking to write this I thought their will be more people like me looking for input to stay at reasonable price in return for reasonable service. I stayed in all type of Hotels from $30 to $490 per night as I travel a lot for business. I always try to find a reasonable priced night stays, even though my company have high upper limit, if I spend more than $400 per night stay then I have to write an explanation note, but still my expense will be approved. Hope this review will help your future stay in Delhi. I booked my hotel through “Hotel” and thought the place will be reasonable, so be careful with the big name Websites Marketing tools. Websites like Hoetl, Priceline, and Expedia do not inspect/check and approve facilities; you are at your own risk. My personal opinion is that chain hotels do check standards before they give them business name, in this case no names, like Rahul Palace ends up in comparison with others named hotels and we get illusions that they provide same or better service but they don’t.	
Mar 11 2006 	Beware!		
Mar 1 2006	You can find a better hotel		
Jan 10 2006	avoid at all cost		
Jan 10 2006	DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!!!		
Dec 17 2005	great place !		
Nov 20 2005	Loved the Rahul...		
Sep 29 2005	Good friendly staff		
Sep 14 2005	Very freindly staff		
Apr 26 2005	Not exactly what we were expecting		
Mar 11 2005	Avoid		
Nov 7 2009 	sans plus		
Nov 15 2008 	????????????????????		
Aug 6 2008 	The best of Delhi		
