Mar 12 2009	Pathetic Hotel	Hotel WELCOME PALACE IS A PATHETIC HOTEL..mR miglani owner of this hotel is a cheat..All commitments are false.Beware of this hotel.they are fraud	
Nov 13 2008 	The WRONG hotel welcome palace!	My buddy and I were working in Indonesia, and decided to take a weekend trip to see the Taj. He began researching places to stay, and came upon one online that looked great (hotelwelcomepalace.net). When he booked it, he accidentally went to hotelwelcomepalace.com, and we ended up here.When we arrived, weary from our flight and ordeal with customs around 3 am. We knew to expect to bargue for everything, but nothing would prepare us for this place. This place was very &quot;it's ok...&quot; about everything. For instance, we asked for a couple sealed bottles of water, and we got refilled bottles. &quot;It's OK...&quot; yeah, no can we please get some SEALED bottles... &quot;grumble....&quot;Being from the west, we were suspicious of them wanting to hold our passports, and I think they decided to get back at us for that. So they showed us to our room. Dirty walls, floors, bathroom was ok, but we were just like, well it's India, we will survive, just staying one night then off to Agra....We had to bargue to get ourselves an extra matress for the floor (my bud had asked for a room w/ two beds, we got a single queen haha). Finally, after we were situated and had just fallen asleep, they come banging on the door to move us to a different room. 3 or 4 floors up. In the middle of the night! TO AN EVEN DIRTIER NASTIER SMALLER ROOM!!!!! My friend and I looked at each other as soon as they left the room, and decided to not even try with this place. We just walked downstairs, told them to call us a cab and checked out of this worthless place.We ended up just splurging and staying at the Intercontinental! Much more expensive, but after this ordeal, the cleanliness and courtesy and amenities were worth the high price.Please, whatever you do, doublecheck your web address before you book!	
Oct 13 2008 	A distaster	This hotel is really very bad. I strongly reccomend to avoid it.	
Jun 30 2008 	Liked it	Was there in late evening. Our Id was asked at the hotel and then transfered to room after check in which was express and took 5min only.By the time welcome drink was served. After check in 2 bottles of mineral water was served with fruit basket to our room. We were hungry when we checked in the hotel so ordered the dinner which was served in 15min, &amp; we really enjoyed the food. Next day on asking hotel for sightseeing hotel arranged it for 3 days. Delhi Sight Seeing/ Agra same day tour &amp; shimla 2 days. We hired the cab from hotel at 7 Rs. km which was new santro. Hotel had free internet for there all guests staying.Hotel have just opened there Resturant which was upto 12 mindnite &amp; room service 24 hrs.Hotel had electric back up too. Staff was very very friendly &amp; obiedient. Over all liked it very much.	
Mar 25 2008 	Avoid at all costs!!	Please, please PLEASE do not stay at this hotel!! If you already made reservations, cancel them!!!I stayed here for two nights, but looking back I cannot believe I stayed there that long.The first room we were in was very dirty, had holes in the wall, and no windows! After inspecting the room further we found rat droppings on the nightstand and on the floor. We figured, whatever we are in india you just deal with it, but later on when the rat actually appeared from the wall we couldn't handle it anymore. We asked to be switched to a different room, after management made us feel stupid for asking such a ridiculous request. Our next room was nicer, but the bathroom had only a trickle of running water and the window overlooked a very noisy and highly used alleyway. The first night we were there, a musical performance went on all night outside of our window. We would have moved the next night to a different hotel but seeing as we got 2 hours of sleep the night before and had spent ALL day traveling to and from the Taj, we really just wanted to get to bed.I never took my socks off the whole time because the floors were so gross... in fact i threw them out before coming home. The management also changed our rates upon checking out. We had a pre booked rate from the manager of the hotel but when we checked out they added a bunch of taxes that we were never told of, even though our pre booked rate supposedly included all taxes.Please, do not stay here. There are plenty of other hotels in the area, and make sure to ask to see the room before you stay there!!!	
Dec 25 2007 	Avoid this place!	I join the opinion of the others - it was a horrible experience. The rooms were horrible. Staff was sooo rude! They also had organised airport transportation for us even though we didn't even talk abt that with them and then afterwards tried to charge us for that! The rooms were horrible soo dirty and disgusting, + only cold water etc. I also agree one who wrote that I don't think the rooms had ever been cleaned.. After one night in the morning one of the staff members is knocking our door and says that we need to change our room that it's booked to some other people. Excuse me?? Then this guy tells that the room that we had booked wasn't available when we arrived so we had a got better one..Yeah right! A better one can this get any worse even.. In the end we just left from the hotel and moved to another one. I do think that the best area to stay is Paharganj - there you can find much selection. It might be a messy area but it's located also perfectly. Easy access to metro.	
Nov 6 2007 	Disliked the attitude of the employees the most	We have just returned from a trip to new delhi. We stayed in this hotel for most of the time and had the worst experience there! When we first checked in, we asked for the exact pricing of the rooms and cabs etc... so that we don't get conned later on. We then arranged for a cab to take us to the train station the next day and a wake up call at 4:30 am. The next day, we wake up at 4:45 because there was no wake up call! When we finish pack up our things and go downstairs at the reception, we find that no taxi has been arranged! When we ask the manager, he tells us nothing has been written in the books! He then arranges a taxi for us and bills us Rs 750 for it instead of the Rs 500 that he told us before and says that he is giving the 'big' cab!When we returned from our trip from kanpur, we waited at the platform 12 of the train station for a person with a board with our names( this also was arranged earlier with the hotel) After waiting for 15 minutes and seeing that no one is coming, we decided to arrange for the cab ourselves and return to the hotel. Now on the day that we are returning ( i.e. checking out) the bill contains 1 taxi for the day at the train station together with parking costs etc... when we were not even provided this service from them! Then, for the cab to go to the airport he charges more than he agreed upon beforehand.Then, another thing i did not like at all in this hotel is the fact that the waiters keeps pestering us for giving them tips. When we first checked in, being all guys, we carried our luggage to our rooms ourselves, however, the waiters would just come to our rooms with towels, and i don't know for what reasons and stay there for long time waiting for their tips! One of them even asked me directly if we are going to give them something before going! That shocked me the most! A tip is given if you think that the service was good and it shows that we liked it, but these guys make it seem as if that the tip is compulsory whatever the type of service you get!Finally, i would not recommend anyone to go and stay in this hotel unless you like to be ripped off and conned! This place has its location as its only good point, the attitude of the people over there are just disgusting! The rooms are very badly maintained with no hot showers and badly done electrical installation!	
Nov 4 2007 	The worst you could get	Don't be fooled by the name of the Hotel... You would neither be welcomed properly... nor it is a Palace whatsoever... In fact, it's the total opposite...I don't know if the owner ever says anything true in his words... Everything you ask is &quot;OK&quot; but without any concrete actions... No wake up calls that has been confirmed on the eve by him...Cabs... lol, I could write a book about this part... Well, in brief... Cabs scheduled on the eve are nowhere to be found at the said time! Tadaaaaaa!!! The owner didn't write it in whatever book! And the price... once he knows you got no other choice than taking the cab he would propose because of time constraint, the price keeps on rising...The rooms are among the worsts I've ever seen... I've been to many hotels with the same budget or even less... but this one is one of a kind... The electric wiring seems so dangerous, just mere connections between wires... Beware, you could be electrified! The hot showers were never hot... even if you asked them to put the roof boiler on... I wonder if the bedsheets, glasses, bathroom are ever really cleaned...Well the only good thing in choosing this hotel is that it is near the Metro and the shopping area of Karol Bagh...But if I were you, and want value for money, I would avoid it at all costs!!!P.S. Beware of the lift also! It can close on your limbs!!! Better you climb up the stairs to your floor... You've been warned... ;)	
Nov 4 2007	Not satisfied with management	At first, the person at the desk appeared to be gentle. That was the first impression I personally had. Indeed the hotel was not bad but not very good neither.There is one pc connected to the internet which is an advantage. But unfortunately, it was not working one day..so couldn't really send some important emails.The rooms were ok for 2 persons. However, having a hot shower is a problem. It was pure luck to sometimes have hot water and sometimes not.The advantage of the hotel is that it is really near the metro stationand a street where we made a lot of shopping.Restaurants are very near too. But it can get really noisy at night.However, the service at reception was not really good and had a bad experience with them. No promised wakeup call, no cab in the morning and no cab at the train station. However, we were charged heavily for those..which unfortunately did somehow exceeded our budget.	
Nov 3 2007 	Disliked the crooked attitude of the management	We stayed in Hotel Welcome palace on the 25th-26th October 2007 and then, from 29th October till 1st November 2007.We asked the owner to give us a wake up call at 430 on the 26th and arrange for a cab @500. We had an early flight to catch. We also asked for a cab to pick us up from the train station on the 29th. TheHotel manager noted our requests. I asked him about the price for thecab, and it was Rs 500. The next morning, no wake up call, no cab waiting for us. There was a different person at the frontdesk and he said that the cab would cost Rs 750. When I protested, he said that ishould discuss with the other guy when am back. On the 29th, there was no cab waiting for us at the train station. We take a cab on our own, since none of the requests we had made earlier were not satisfied. When we arrive at the hotel, the manager says the driver is waiting for us at station.When I asked him for fare for a sight seeing trip, there was the basic Rs 2800 + additional fares for driver, which was not defined.On checking out, the bills were NOT what we had agreed on - the firstcab was 750 instead of the 500 he had promised. He claims that he gave us a big cab. He was charging for the cab that was never there plus he was charging Rs 850 for dropping us to the airport (compared to the 550 he had said earlier).On top of that, there was NO hot water for taking shower, when asked,front desk would say it would be activated in 10 mins - but alas, only vain promises. The bed sheets were not clean - looked like someone had been sleeping in those before. We were 2 in a room, but they consistently provided only one towel daily.You may stay at the hotel, but get all expected costs in writing fromthe beginning. Do NOT go by the manager's words, as he will findsome good excuse to charge you more - unless you have a lot of money to spare and do not really care about being cheated upon.	
Aug 26 2007 	OK room but sneaky Management	Recently we stayed at Hotel Welcome Palace at Gurudwara road. Few observations that others may find useful. Hotel is located near Karol Bagh shopping area. Some good food joints are near by. Considerable traffic outside, so it can get noisy in the room.1. Stayed at the Family suite, their most expensive offering. It's a nice, large room with two double beds, sitting area, TV with many channels, fridge, and attached bathroom. Room decor was good. Both AC units worked well. 2. Even though the room has a refrigerator, it works only when you deposit your room key in a key-holder. Once you remove the key from its holder to leave the room, electricity is automatically cut off. A warning in case you plan to keep perishables in the refrigerator.3. Bathroom is not well maintained. Some fixtures are missing. Towels are old and worn out. Hot water is available, but you have to call. 4. Hotel breakfast is terrible. We ordered the very basic: eggs, toast, butter, jam etc. They don't have a cafeteria; so they brought the food to our room. Presentation was poor. You are better off eating in nearby restaurants.5. I could not make local phone calls from the room. I called the front desk couple of times, but they couldn't fix it. For some reason, the outgoing calls are disabled at the front desk.6. Instead of providing honest and transparent service, the management seems keen to wring every rupee from their customers. I found this so irritating that next time I will take my business elsewhere. Some examples:---- We agreed for an amount so the hotel could arrange a vehicle to pick us up from the International airport. I knew the amount was excessive, but I agreed since we were reaching at night. The vehicle was in poor condition (busted wind shield, seat covers / interior in poor condition, non-existent shock absorbers). When checking out, I discovered that they had added parking fee, airport entry fee, night duty fee etc to the charge. These additional charges were removed when I protested. ---- The hotel website advertises complimentary breakfast. We ordered it on the first day. Found it terrible. In any case, the waiter asked me to sign off on a bill. As I suspected, it showed up in my hotel bill on the final day. I had to talk to their 'Director' to get the charges removed. He claimed ignorance when I asked why they charge for the complimentary breakfast. My guess is that they will charge and hope the customer pays. They will roll it back if you complain.---- On our first day, I had asked the hotel to arrange a AC car to take us around Delhi. Even though they charge a pretty good amount, they arrange lousy cars. On a hot / humid day, the AC barely worked. Car broke down several times during the day. It leaked coolant. When I asked the car driver to take us to the Humayun tomb, his response was that there wasn't much to see. My guess is that this hotel tries to arrange low quality cars so they can pay out less and make as much profit as possible. When I complained about quality of their cars, 'Director' apologized and tried to make amends by reducing the rental charge. Overall, our room was ok; but the management is sneaky. They seem unaware that in the age of Internet, they can gain / lose customers with a few mouse clicks. You are probably better off taking your business somewhere else.	
Aug 17 2007 	I think you have all been rating the wrong hotel	My fiance and I read these reviews, and thought, WOW, such amazing reviews, and so high in the Delhi hotels ranking, we cant go wrong for the price!!!!!But we did! For one thing, there are 2 Welcome palace hotels in Delhi, and the one in THIS review is the one we stayed in.We booked 3 nights in a double room with ensuit, for 800 rupees a night online. We turned up and were given a shoe box, with no AC, no towels, and no loo roll. (Apparently these 3 rooms are the ones advertised on the hostel and hotel websites for 800, but are actually used for staf to stay in) We were then expected to tip 3 bell boys who all jamp at the chance to grab our 2 rucksacks, to take up 1 flight of stairs to the room. Which we had to do, as they just hung around and waited for their tip.Around 5 mins later, another bell boy appeared knocking at the door bringing toilet roll, expecting a tip (i didnt know it was a luxury to expect loo roll?) We then decided for 800 rupees we should be in a better hotel with AC, but were tierd, so we upgraded. We were then shown every room in the property, ranging from our room being the worst, to 5 bed 'delux' rooms. we upgraded to AC, costing 1250 a night, and once again, we were expected to tip 2 bell boys for taking our rucksacks accross the landing. Later on in the evening, we had another knock from the same bell boy, bringing us a towel, and again, would not leave the room, and folded the towel twice waiting for a tip. This then continued for the rest of the stay, we would arrive back after a hot sweaty day of sightseeing, our room would not have been serviced, and after jumping in the shower, up to 4 knocks at the door till 9.30pm with porters bring various things, loo roll, soap, another towel??Its a pity, you get free internet, and the metro is close, and this whole area is much more peaceful than in town, with nice places to eat and shop, and to be fair, a little cheaper and we would have been happy, but they really need to sort out those porters, they made us feel terrible, sad eyed and dirty,. hanging around.We have now moved to another hotel.Stay here by all means, as the area has everything you need, but I would nip the bell boy issue in the bud before you even close your hotel room door!	
Jun 5 2007 	Best Stay we had!	I stayed at Welcome Palace for three nights in May with my Wife and eighteen year old daughter. The staff was very friendlier,polite &amp; attentive. We were on the First floor say the Executive Floor of the Hotel. Unlike some hotels there was not a hint of stuffiness or formality there. My daughter was very happy to be there &amp; felt as valued as my wife and I. Food was of our high standard, service without fault. The rooms are extremely comfortable, with great views. Best Part was it was near to all Shopping Areas &amp; Metro. Added to all the above a good location then I cannot think of a better place to stay in New Delhi.	
May 18 2007 	Just Fine	I stayed at the hotel at the beginning and end of my trip to India. After booking the hotel, I inquired as to whether or not they could arrange a full itinerary, which they did. I got all hotels (I specified), an air conditioned car and driver for 6 days, airport transfers and breakfasts for about $450 which was quite a bargain. They did a good job in setting it all up.The hotel is basic and as a one time Peace Corps volunteer, I found it met all my needs. The plumbing worked, as did the a/c. The bed was comfortable and there was cable tv. The staff was helpful and friendly and, while there was no restaurant, there was room service and breakfast was delivered to the room (included).The main drawback was the location which was not familiar to many rickshaw or taxi drivers, but I discovered that this lack of knowledge was true for all but the most famous places. The area was chaotic and noisy but the room was fairly quiet. One can walk to Conaught Place in about half an hour and the rail station is very near. At a daily rate of about $25, it was a good choice	
Apr 27 2007 	Good travel centre shame about the rat	We stayed here for 2 nights in April 2007. Generally the reception area was OK and the staff reasonably helpful. However, the sheets on the bed had already been slept in and there were some fairly unsavoury bugs in the bathroom. Breakfast was OK but took ages to come and you have to eat it in the lobby (which is where I saw the rat). However, the travel desk was excellent and arranged a car for the whole day to take us round to see the town. Unfortunately my friends had a bad experience in a taxi that was arranged by the travel desk but I guess they couldn't help that.Overall I would say that this hotel is acceptable if you are on a budget but I think I would try my luck somewhere else next time.	
Jan 12 2007 	wonderful relaxing place	stayed at this amazing place called welcome palace.. where everything is easy to get food, travel nice executive suite,any help any time. this is in heart of city, good shoppin place around mc donalds, sravan bahvan all good food joints and food of welcome palace rocks.. .. was there for vacations after very long and i think had wonderful time... vacations was fun like never before,,, all the best to welcome palace and their vry vry helpful employees . keep it up...Mili	
Nov 14 2006	Amazing Staff make this hotel excellent!	We just returned from a fabulous three weeks touring beautiful India where we spent a total of 5 nights at the Welcome Palace Hotel, divided into two different segments. The Welcome Palace staff made us feel like family each time we arrived, arranged for our transportation with flawless efficency, made sure we found the best restaurants and even took us shopping to their secret favorite shops. (And these wern't the tourist trap places) Their insight and friendly manner was so valuable. The hotel itself is clean and spacious.They provided ample hot water (once we figured out how to turn it on), bottled water to drink and the room service was very good. The shinning star here is the staff.....all wonderful, friendly and helpful. I'd recommend the Hotel Welcome Palace to anyone looking for an affordable, clean and friendly hotel to make your stay in India a five star experience.	
