	Nice and good hotel	I often go to Delhi like every month for my business and will stayed in many differant hotels in Delhi, but this time I booked hotel sunrise. Hotel people provide me best service and made me permanent customer and definatly I will stay this hotel. Because they fullfil all my requirements and very conveniat place for my office work. Thank you very much.	
	Money Worth for All Travellers	Thanks a ton for booking Hotel Sunrise, New Delhi. Well, the hotel is fabulous the rooms are pretty good the staffs are great, as v are very special for them they waited for us for the B/ fast till 11:15 am since they close the B/fast by 10: 30am the food here is fabulous, the staffs are very co-operative specially the front desk manager was Ms Leena was very help full and co-operative too.........the rooms are very neatly cleaned and the best part is they have location also just 100 m from Karol Bagh Metro, the most happening place of the town........ We had taken two rooms and we never felt tht we are at all far from our homes, since it was a small business trip bt next time it will be a family trip at the same destination and same hotel if the thing remain good in future. I wish the Hotel Sunrise all the best and best of luck in Near future also.KEEP IT UP	
	Coments for good service	Very good service at hotel Sunrise. Helpfull and kind staff. Hotel location is very good market is very near and metro station is also near. Very quite place after very long time I sleep nicely because of I in my country work very hard and got vocation for relax so all I got in Hotel Sunrise. I reccomand this hotel.	
Nov 24 2009 	A very good hotel in center of Delhi	Me and my husband book this hotel through a website hotels.com for 5 days, pick-up was free from airport. Hotel people pick-up us with kind of grand welcome with flower garland. We were surprised, because we have read many bad comments about hotel, but we got a very good service they provide us good room and morning we order breakfast it was realy very tasty. I am in Italy now but the taste we cant forget. Till now we have that taste in our mouth. We reccommend this hotel to all the italian who go to India.Thanks and reagrds to Hotel Sunrise and staff specialy for kichen staff.	
Nov 18 2009 	No Ventilation in My Room	It was a horrifying experience sleeping in a room with no ventilationand no natural light, very humid rooms are in this hotel. I could notbreathe properly. I wish that I could have stayed in a hotel with someventilation. I found much better hotel in my onward journey.	
Nov 15 2009	Good location	We stayed at this hotel for a few nights in Nov 09. The room was very small the airconditioner was much too noisy we had to turn it off. The staff were OK as long as you kept tipping them. They only clean room if asked to. Breakfast was terriable. There is no resturant but the do have room service agian the food was awful. .	
Nov 15 2009 	Foul Smell in the Room	Why do they have to use the detergent which give a foul smell in therooms. I change my room 5 times but the rooms were dark and smelly.But had to manage the night because it was 1`o’ clock at night and Ishifted to a nearly hotel which was much better.	
Nov 11 2009 	Never Never This Hotel	A bunch of touts who are only interested to make extra money. We werecharged heavily for going to Taj Mahal by taxi as they because afterour life at night when we came to the hotel. We could have done thesame thing from another travel agent at one third of the price.	
Nov 9 2009 	FIRST CLASS HOTEL	I recentley stayed at the Hotel Sunrise. The hotel and rooms there are faultless. Very comfortable, unbelievably clean and beautifully furnished. The service there is exellant and you will not be dissapointed by the hospitality given by all the staff. The restaurant serve beautiful food and is very good value. This hotel is in a perfect location and is ideal for anyone visiting Delhi. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Nov 6 2009 	DONT GO HERE	I read the reviews, and I understand how somle people may have been fooled by the owners smile. But dont let the friendliness fool you, this hotel is a complete scam unless you already know India and are Indian yourself. The hotel owner lied to us several times when we asked him travel questions, including telling us that the only way to travel was by train or car, and that we would have to wait 8-10 days for a train ticket (a complete lie, when we finally found the REAL international tourist office at the New Delhi rail, we got a ticket for the next day at HALF the price he told us). Every time we asked the staff a simple travel question, such as where the regional trains left from; they refered us to the owner, who would proceed to lie. He offered us a car too; as a ridiculous price, and tried showing us pictures of happy customers. While he searched through, instead sketchy pictures of women posing for him in bedrooms came up which he quickly hid. Eventually he realized we werent game for his information. The moment we solidly said no to his travel car, was the moment the smiles stopped from him. Some of the staff of his is friendly, but this guy is a pure scam artist. DONT GIVE HIM BUSINESS. Please, for the sake of those who lost money; got ripped off; got stuck in broken down cars miles away, DONT GO HERE.O ya, and it does have WIFI, but it doesnt reach your room. Also the area is scam central, as number one business around isnt the market, its scamming travel agencies running the same bit he is. And on one last note, the interior of the hotel is a weak escape from delhi polluted air as the staff constantly cleans the floor with toxic smelling cleaning products that were long ago banned from the west.	
Nov 5 2009 	Very clean friendly family type hotel in the REAL India	I stayed at Sunrise for 17 days last month - over the Diwali period and can recommend it. I am about to return there in December1- It is a newly and completely restored small hotel, new bathrooms, furniture and a nice new mattress etc and kept very clean.2- While some of the staff are not highly trained professionals this adds to the charm - it is like a family run hotel and any minor flaws are fixed up swiftly and cheerfully. 3- The front desk staff are some of the friendliest and nicest people i have met in India. Ms Leena is a gem with the biggest welcoming smile in Delhi.4- I grew to love Karol Bagh. It is a REAL Indian bazarr with great character and not much touristy stuff however It can be a little confronting at first but stick with it because all the shops you could ever need and great markets and stalls, hundreds of them are just a walk away. Yes there are several small quiet parks in Karol Bagh and an amazing wood carving studio and gallery just next door but one to the hotel.5- And the efficient and clean KAROL BAGH Metro Station is just a few minutes away. three stops to Connaught Place - called Rajiv Chowk Station. You dont want to be relying on driving everywhere in Delhi. No way! The crowds dont start till noon so get going early if you want to miss them in Karol Bagh's wonderful narrow streets..6- Sure the breakfast is basic..but it breaks your fast and its free, I usually added a great fresh cut fruit salad for a modest sum and was very happy. If you want a REALLY good coffee in Delhi avoid the trendy coffee palaces at Connaught Place and go to Religare - Arts_i Gallery Its on the corner Connaught Circus and Kasturba Ghandi Marg. 1st floor. best coffee and good food with great art.7- Sunrise is a new hotel so to find it ask to be taken to the Regal Continental Hotel. The entrance is in a clean lane and Sunrise is RIGHT NEXT DOOR set back from the lane so it can be hard to see. Alternatively when driving down Saraswati Marg the CLARK HOTEL sign is easy to spot - its a good hotel too! - The Regal and Sunrise are in the same unnamed lane on the other side of Saraswati Marg as the CLARK. Remember those tips and Sunrise is easy for you and your driver to find. Maybe I will see you there in December. An Oz traveller.	
Nov 5 2009 	This hotel is scamming	I had booked two days and went there to cancel the first day of my booking and add two additional days. So I paid, but after that they said &quot;we don't have any empty rooms but we will do our best&quot;. What that was supposed to mean I had to find out later...The first day of my stay they recognized me on the street, asking me &quot;what are you doing here? we didn't expect you&quot;. Refering to our agreement and payment, they just said &quot;In business, trust doesn't matter. But of course we have a room for you today, but you'd need to pay for that&quot; (pay again, what the heck?!). In the middle of the dispute they asked for my receipt, saying &quot;we need that&quot;. Thinking they just needed it temporary to give me a refund or make a copy or something, I handed it to them. But they wouldn't return it to me! And that was it, still standing on the street, and for them, the story was over.To sum it all up: I paid them for THREE days, I stayed there ZERO days and left with NO receipts or bills to prove anything or file case against them!	
Nov 2 2009 	Good location good price and great stay	We have read some good and bad comments on Trip Advisor about Hotel Sunrise. We booked this hotel for 1 day to check there services and thought if they provide us good service then we can extend our stay. They pick-up us from airport early morning because our flight Finn Air was arrive at Delhi airport very early morning. We had check-in. They provide us very good room with window with Balcony. So we decide to stay other 4 days. Hotel front Manager Ms. Leena was very friendly and always smile and ask us Madam are you satisfied with our services. and we smile too and reply he Lenna we are very happy. Hotel Sunrise is located in good location, good price and we have a great stay at Hotel Sunrise. We recommend Hotel Sunrise.Thanks.Lynda Christine	
Oct 31 2009 	Sunrise hotel is very nice	We met ownhis hoter of Sunrise Hotel in Tokyo, Japan with friend of mine and he introduce his hotel us and show us broucher and picture's. and unfortunetly we got holidays vacation and we book this hotel through hotels.com and got very good price. Hotel people pick-up us up from airport because it was include in the price. Hotel was very nice and room was specious with hot shower, which we Japanese people like very much. We feel very comfortable becuase we got very personal service, because of we are kind of hotel owner' friend and he speak Japanese very very well. We realy thanks to Hotel Owner and other staff.Arigatou gozai masu.Mata iki masu.	
Oct 30 2009 	OK but ...	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 1 night in October 2009. The room was fine although we had to ask for a top sheet on the bed. The a/c worked ok but was somewhat noisy with a rapping sound. The breakfast was very good although the coffee seemed to be instant Nescafe. The neighborhood, however, is a drawback. The streets are terribly crowded, noisy, and dirty, and there are touts every step of the way. The best aspect of this hotel is the remarkably low price -- around $30 per night.	
Oct 29 2009 	Best hotel in budget price	Hotel Sunrise is the best hotel in budget price. Hotel location is good for shopping. Me and my wife stayed in this hotel we feel very comfortable. Food was good, Hotel staff was kind and friendly and help us about shopping near by hotel and they help us for bargaining in the price because we are from Chennai. This is good for new traveler in Delhi. We will send our friends to this hotel.We will recommend this hotel to all the traveler's who come to Delhi first time. Thank you very much all the staff for taking care of us.Thanks and regards,Lakhey	
Oct 26 2009 	worst hotel i have ever seen	heading: the reality of this hotel.during my stay in india, i booked this hotel.hotel owner did not seem to run a hotel business, he was rather intersted in booking my agra-jaipur trip. i was given a non ventilated shabby room and on complainin he promised to upgrade me only if i book trip with him.when i refused for the trip, a black tall man with red eyes took me to his travel agency on the corner of the road. i was so scared.that owner also started following me. upon reaching there, they pressurised and as i was a sole travelller in this alien place i had no option but to accept the tour and pay them.the next morning, a small little car in bad condition arrived.i reluctantly sat in it as i was told that no other option is available.as expected, the car broke halfway. JESUS!!! i immediately left that place and had to walk around 5 miles to get another taxi.i rushed back to delhi and checked out of this hotel.they didnot refund any of my money.I felt cheated and i felt as if they are not hoteliers, they are a bunch of touts.!!!	
Oct 23 2009 	Home away from home	Hotel Sunrise is the hotel clean and comfortable. It's create as a Home away from home. They are take care of the matteress, bedsheet, curtains, wall colours, linen and the cleanliness of the whole hotel. I also took few pictures of Hotel by phone. They don't provide you just a service, but they give you an experience. all staff are very Friendly. The one place where you can be sure that your trip will always be a pleasure. You will get everything near by Hotel. so, come and enjoy your holidays.	
Oct 21 2009 	Dreadful Experince at Sunrise	Its a worst ever Hotel I have stayed with. Staff with no professionalism &amp; every time taxi drivers are sitting at reception in dirty clothes looking for there customers. I was badly scared to check-in into this Hotel but had no option in the mid night. whole night staff shuts &amp; screams. Rats &amp; lizards are just like room partners staying over there in all rooms When I was not comfortable with the atmosphere I requested to refund my money I paid for but they refused to return my money &amp; misbehaved with me &amp; said that I can leave from the Hotel. The owner himself doesn't know the meaning of courtesy.I do prefer t sleep on streets rather than staying Over sunrise where Sun can never rise	
Oct 18 2009 	Hotel Sunrise and Its owner Mr. Singh were great.	I am a NRI (non-resident Indian) and live in the US. I was in Delhi with my (American) extended family members as a tourist. I stayed in Hotel Sunrise for 4 nights in late September 2009. We rented 3 rooms. Our rooms were spacious and clean. House keeping was excellent. Hotel mangement was very friendly and helpful and almost every one in the hotel staff spoke English. The hotel owner, Mr. Singh, arranged taxi (with a guide) for us to go to Taj Mahal and surroundings and also for sightseeing in Delhi. He also had the taxi take us to the airport at 4.30AM to catch an early flight. Mr. Singh did a fantastic job and all with a joke and a broad smile.Both the hotel rates and the taxi charges were extremely reasonable for Delhi. I would recommend this hotel without any reservation to anybody planning a trip to Delhi and I will be a repeat customer here next time I visit Delhi.Mr. Singh, Thank you and take care.Raj Natarajan, Texas, USA	
Oct 11 2009 	Good clean and safe hotel for family	Hotel Sunrise is a good clean and safe hotel for family. Friendly and good staff and always ready for help. We have booked Delhi, Agra, Jaipur and Haridwar trip with this Hotel in a package and we realy enjoyed our trip. Driver was very good, he showed us all most all the sight seeing places, some times problem but this is normal when we travel in different city. But we all are very satisfied and happy with Hotel Sunrise services. Thank you so much Hotel Sunrise Staff.OM	
Oct 7 2009 	Ok Hotel. Don't do the tour	The hotel was ok for the price. However, the tour guide service associated with the hotel was pretty bad. The driver in Delhi was ok. But then when we traveled to Agra from Delhi, the driver was horrible. He yelled at us and made the trip horrible. When we got to Agra, we called the tour guide head office and asked to get another driver. The new driver couldn't make it until the next day, so we had to pay for a new tour in Agra. When we ask the head tour guy for money back he said that he would plan something special for us in Jaipur. Did anything happen? No. If I had to do it over again, I would have found a different tour group. Otherwise the hotel is ok for the price.	
Oct 3 2009 	STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE IF YOU ARE FROM EUROPE OR THE WEST	Very disappointing hotel and people running the place. This is definitely not a 3 star hotel. We made reservations online. When we got there they didn't even have our reservations. The room they gave us didn't have any windows and the bathroom was below standard - much different from the description given online. After my wife and I settled in bed, we got a call in the middle of the night and the receptionist said that we had to change the room since the room was already reserved for someone else. This was very inconvenient. The last night we stayed there, we were woken up in the middle of the night by the people from the reception and their friends making a lot of noise and talking very loud down the hallway. On check out, we left with a bad feeling. We found out later that the receptionist charged us 5 times the normal taxi fare to the train station. In addition, we were ripped off when the director of the hotel purchased train tickets for us. He lied about the ticket price. Unfortunately, because of him we ended up paying almost 70% more for the tickets than they were worth. Stay away from this place. They run it like an indian mafia. Very disappointing and very unprofessional.	
Sep 26 2009 	Great Stay at Hotel Sunrise	We found this hotel on the internet, it was new so we thought we would try it. The hotel was well worth the money, the rooms are well presented, extremely CLEAN and well fitted out with TV, bar fridge, AC and attached bathrooms. The staff were so friendly and accomodating, in our first room the internet signal was a little low so they actually moved us to a room with better signal straight away! We couldn't of asked for anymore, we will be staying here again when we return to Delhi! Thanks Hotel Sunrise!	
Sep 23 2009 	comment on the excellent service of hotel sunrise	I Mrs. Naidoo traveled with my Sister to New Delhi booked the hotel sunrise from South Africa. As per our booking, everything went as planned. we were picked up from the airport driven start to the hotel, on arrival it was the most unexpected welcoming, where we was offered drinks and we were garland then we were escorted to our suit. Our room was very beautiful we felt at home room service was excellent. The food was divine. View was good. The most exciting part of our trip was that the management helped us arrange or tour in and around Delhi, our car was booked itinerary was set and were ready for our tour. “Oh my god it was a tour out of this world!” at the end of it all we were driven back to the airport. To conclude I would recommend this hotel to each and every traveler I know, who is looking for an unforgettable holiday, adventurous tour &amp; a luxurious stay…P.S... Many thanks to management and all staff of the hotel sunrise You’re sincerelyMRS. Naidoo	
Sep 23 2009 	Hotel people will beat you up careful!	I came for business to Delhi. However I am a frequent traveller and saw a good review of this &quot;so called new hotel&quot;. So decided to catch up this hotel. But oh God it should not be termed as a hotel. It had RATS in the room. The bed sheets were torn. The Aircondition was not working and there was no water when I went to take a shower. The bathroom had so much of foul smell that I had to pack up my bag and just leave. When I wanted to leave they charged me extra money which was not agreed at the time of check in. They forced me to pay. It was a nightmare and I thought the musclemen will come and beat me up, if I dont pay I was horrified.	
Sep 20 2009 	undisovered gem of a place in Delhi	As I write this, I am still a guest at this Hotel. We wanted to book this hotel from Bangalore itself but did not have suffecient info to do that. We booked at another popular hotel and arrived at Delhi. One night at the Popular &quot; south indian &quot; hotel , and we beat a hasty retreat. We had the address of Hotel Sunrise but NOT thier telephone number [--]. Hence the next day we made it a point to SEARCH for the hotel and finally found it ( Next to Regent Hotel, Opp Clark Hotel Road, SaraswathyMarg, Karol Bagh, New Delhi ).The Hotel is brand new and it shows. Rooms are small but neat and clean. The staff is very courteous and though the restaurant is not yet open, the Room service more than adequately makes up for it. The location is excellent and the room service is good.Since we are going to be staying in delhi for six days, it suits our budjet and serves our purpose. I would recommed this to all budjet travellers who are looking for a cozy nook in the centre of the city.	
Sep 16 2009 	AVOID THIS HOTEL	I booked 2 nights at this hotel through expedia, the price included pick up from the airport which was important to me as a single female traveller. i received an e-mail from the hotel before I left for India confirming pick up however upon arrival at the airport there was no-one waiting for me. I contacted the hotel by telephone and was told to get a pre-paid taxi and they would pay for it. I did this however taxi driver was unable to find the hotel. It was 2 o'clock in the morning by this time and the area was deserted. We eventually found a travel agent who amazingly was still open. The agent did not know where the hotel was but let me use his phone to contact the hotel. I rang and asked if they could give the taxi driver directions however was informed that the hotel was full and they did not have a room for me. I explained I had booked and paid for my room and that I had spoken with someone earlier and explained the situation about the taxi and that I was a single female traveller. The person just kept saying they were full and then put the phone down on me. The taxi driver was going mad and said he wanted paying. I had no ruppees as I had expected the hotel to pay. The travel agent came to my rescue and I am not sure what I would have done without him. `he paid the taxi driver who just got my case out of the car and left me. The agent then contacted the hotel and found out where it was and went to the hotel and sorted a room for me. According to the agent it is common in India for hotels to say they have no rooms to people who have booked as a scam to get more money!!!. I eventually got to the hotel where they showed me 2 rooms to choose from (a plus side is that the room was big). I had to argue with them the next day to get the money back for the taxi. The whole experience was distressing, I do not know what would have happened to me if it were not for the kindness of the agent Rauf (PS his company is Le Nagooes Tour and Travel Company, Karol Bagh, email [--]) I think any hotel that would leave anyone in the position I was in should be avoided.	
Sep 9 2009 	New hotel offering excellent value and service in bustling Karol Bagh.	Hotel Sunrise opened four months ago and, as such, seems to be an undiscovered budget gem in the heart of bustling Karol Bagh. I give 4 stars to service only because some local staff are still learning subtle aspects of room service; however, lobby management is very professional and was quite receptive to suggestions I offered concerning room service. In addition to running a spotlessly clean hotel, the hotel owners offer a wide range of other services in Delhi and around the country; these include custom travel packages to suit the wishes and desires of most customers. My wife and I come yearly to India and we will undoubtedly avail ourselves of the services offered at Hotel Sunrise! (Conference center and a roof-top restaurant are under construction as we speak.)	
Oct 19 2009 	Nice Clean and Cozy Hotel! ??????????????????		
Oct 4 2009 	Hotel básico para pasar poco tiempo en Delhi		
Sep 24 2009 	???????		
Sep 21 2009 	warn heart		
