	Great escape from old delhi	Very good service, big clean rooms, food ok, free breakfast. The only downside is the price but Delhi is expensive anyway.	
	Good location for a good price	As mentioned in other reviews, the hotel is located down a dark and dirty alley off the cycle market in Old Delhi. There is a full-time security guard at the door, though we didn't feel unsafe (if I were on my own that may have been different).You get what you pay for - the rooms are basic, dark, and small. But they are clean, cheap, and the hotel is ideally situated for visiting the fort, mosque, and bazaars of Old Delhi. The hotel is also quite noisy. Our room had a shaft outside the window that must have gone up to the kitchen, so we were able to hear people for most of the night / early morning. Also, there is a window above the door that lets light in throughout the night. We ate in the restaurant during our stay. The hotel does not serve alcohol, but they will send someone out to get beers for you (at Rs 120 each). The food was decent and reasonably priced. Breakfast was included in the cost, and although not very substantial, it was fresh and sufficient.I'd recommend this hotel to anyone looking for reasonable accommodation in Old Delhi. It is not spectacular, but it was good enough for one night.	
	location is bad	This place is like only for backpakers” not for family with young teenage children. The people in the street near hotel pass bad comment on women and girls. Bad area hotel though	
Nov 23 2009 	Not bad if you want to visit Mosque and Fort	Hotel is situated in the old Delhi, meaning if you like to be in a quiet neighborhoud, forget about it. However the hotel is in a small street and rooms are quiet.Old Delhi is really messy, and it can be a little harsh on your first day. However, it is ideally situated if you want to visit Delhi fort and Mosque.Hotel is clean, and bed is comfortable and hard at the same time. We slept ok.The restaurant is not good, so don't go.Service was nice enough (not amazing though).	
Nov 22 2009 	SECOND STAY IN HOTEL TARA PALACE. LOVE IT	I visit Delhi every year to help with a small charity called 'Butterflieschildrights' and have stayed in several hotels. This is by far the very best place I have ever stayed in. It is clean, friendly and the food is really good. I am a female of 65 years and feel really safe. I have been made to feel so welcome and the staff are really caring. You don't need to stay in really posh hotels as there is no guarantee you will get the cleanliness or service you would pay for.Whilst I agree that the passage way can feel a little daunting, if you smile and say namastar to every one they are fine. I will be staying here every time I come to Delhi and know it will be like coming home. What more can you want.	
Nov 19 2009 	“not well maintained”	It’s a new hotel but not was built &amp; maintained. Furniture is good, rooms are small sized, bathroom tiles are dirty and W/C back is also dirty. Ok hotel but needs thorough cleaning and funigation.	
Nov 15 2009 	Clean and tidy hotel	Had booked this hotel on the internet. We were a bit doubtful when we arrived in the dark. The area is alive and very busy and the alleyway to the hotel a bit daunting. But once inside we found a very helpfu staff and travel bureau. The bedrooms are spacious, very clean and the bedding was changed daily. The bathrooms were spotless. The restaurant served a very good selection of food. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. It is an interesting if lively area to wander around during the daytime.	
Nov 14 2009 	The place in Old Delhi	This hotel is a real find. And in the middle of the noise and madness of old Delhi.It has a very helpful staff who immediately put your fears to rest when you find yourself in a Charles Dickens like neighborhood. Some fine restaurants in the area were recommended (Karim&quot;s with Mughal food is a Delhi institution since 1947). The attached travel agency was oneof the best I have found in a long time. The agent Rameez sorted out all my problems in no time flat and made sure that I was not taken by any taxis or touts. I will stay here again in January and get Rameez to help with all my travel plans for another month in India. He is fast at getting everything right. Better than I ma with the bookings in one spot...Just wish they had wifi in the rooms..	
Nov 13 2009 	Amazing place right in the middle of old Delhi	Has a free pick up from the airport/kamikaze driver from the paradise of India (Kashmir) who drove wildly through the night streets of early morning Delhi. In the middle of an old quarter of Delhi which is run down is a modern hotel - extremely clean and cheap with a lot of helpful staff. Breakfast a bit poor, but the view from the terrace of Red Fort, Jama MAsjid and a Jain temple as well the life in the old quarter is delightful and priceless. A must for anyone wanting to expereince the real India at first hand.	
Nov 7 2009 	A Bright Star Indeed	Spent one day with my family here on arrival to India. They had a driver waiting at the airport. Very efficient, personable service, great rooms. You can take your valuables like laptop to the front desk for security. Tremendous views of the old city from the rooftop. Nice clean rooms with good bathroom and prompt room service.First time visitors might find the approach to the hotel a bit disconcerting being in a side alley near the fort, but your fears will dissolve once you enter the lobby. Took away one star on account of the ordinary food served in the restaurant. Otherwise, its just awesome and highly recommended for anyone visiting old Delhi or catching a train from there.	
Nov 6 2009 	Fab Place to Stay in Delhi	We arrived in Delhi as our first stop for our tour of India, although the taxi that we had arranged to pick us up was 1.5 hours late when you see he traffic its quite understandable and dont let it put you off. The alley to the hotel is off putting but again once you get to the hotel it is well worth it.The hotel was clean and the staff very welcoming. The restaurant food is good if you dont want to venture out in the evening looking for places to stay.The roof top is a must and if you like a beer the staff will bring you a table and chair to sit and admire the view, peace and quiet from the hustle and bustle.A fab place to stay in Delhi - dont miss it the best bit is the wonderful welcoming staff	
Nov 5 2009 	Noisy 	Stayed for 2 nights with my girl friend and surrounding place is very crowded and noisy. Lot of poor people baggers in the area and irritate you to heights.	
Nov 1 2009 	"DIAMOND IN THE ROUGH"	The path leading up to Hotel Tara Palace looked shady; I was totally doubting this place, but since it was late at night I thought its better to have a room to stay in as opposed to looking for one in the dead of night. This smart decision proved to be one of many during my trip. Another smart decision was consulting the in-house travel agent – Rameez who tailor made a tour for me. One of the places he sent me to was the controversial un-safe for tourists ‘KASHMIR.’ It turned out to be a smart decision. Kashmir reminded me of the valleys I had seen during my travel through Europe. Its fresh mountain air, green open spaces, and abundance of water was a great find. Overall this trip was full of smart decisions!	
Oct 30 2009 	A gem in the hectic chaos that is Old Delhi	This was our first stop in Delhi and whist arriving to it is a culture shock (Old Delhi is chaos) the hotel is a clean and tidy oasis. The alley to the hotel is not the most welcoming approach but once inside it is soon forgotten.The room was well air conditioned and clean and the bathroom was a rather dated wet room but clean and served its purpose. The shower did not always have hot water, seems to be available more in the morning than at any other time.The rooms are basic, but adequate but ours lacked a window which meant it was very quiet but certainly not a room you would want to spend alot of time in. To be honest it was ideal room to get over a long journey - it was so quiet we slept uninterupted for over 12 hours! The AC worked very well.The hotel has a 24 hr restaurant at good prices. The food is good homemade cooking (the sort your mum would make if you have a Punjabi mum!) very tasty, The breakfast is complimentary, if you have Indian breakfast then all is good, continental style is a little more confused, but does the job.The staff are excellent. The hotel has a roof terrace. You can eat and drink up here and its a great place too see Old Delhi at roof top height. The location of the hotel is excellent for the Red Fort, the Mosque, Chandi Chowk and shopping and the Sikh Temple.The hotel has a travel desk and will book train tickets for a small fee but well worth it.Would stay here again - certainly appeared to be one of the better hotels in Old Delhi.	
Oct 16 2009	Highly Recomended Hotel Tara Place	It was my first time in india and i decided to go Old Delhi myself and i chose this Hotel Tara Palce and i don’t regret my decision as i was a single girl they gave me a family atmosphere and i felt so comfortable and safe...my room was very clean and food was delicious and the location was beautiful with view of Red Fort and Jama Masjid. Staff great, Special RAMEEZ helped me with some other travel isues..Deffinatly will be back again.Highly recomended for female travelers. Thanks you Rammez for all what you did for me and i will come back soon.....	
Oct 15 2009 	Be wary	We chose this hotel because of the reviews on trip advisor, especially the review on the travel agent Rameez that plans and books tours of the North.  Firstly we were suppose to be picked up from the airport and there was no one to meet us, we called 3 times and waited 1 1/2 hrs for a pick up.The location of the hotel is down an alley way and it beats me as to how they managed to get the photos of the hotel that they have on their website as it looks nothing like it. I did not like the area in Old Delhi and didn't like leaving the room, i found the men in the area looked at me as a western woman like i was scum, even though i was with my husband i was still shoved on the street. I found the area to be very disgusting and dirty.We booked a trip with Rameez and he was very helpful but i would suggest to anyone to make sure you confirm everythinhg with him and ask lots of questions. We have found that these travel agents are very quick to say no problem Madam!. We did a tour of Varinassi, Agra and Rajastan, i would recommend to take your time on the trip we found alot of the time in the mornings was driving to the next destination, you get there in the early afternoon, do your sight seeing rather rushed in the late afternoon, sleep the night and you are off again the next morning. We were assured that we can change the itinery at any time, which we did as we got too tired moving on every day, but the hotels werent confirmed and we would arrive in places like Jodhpur and the hotel had no booking for us and we ended up having to chase this up with Rameez and got a horrid room in the end with no TV and A/C that we had paid for. They tend to make lots of excuses and pass the buck, so confirm confirm confirm!!!!!The hotel that was booked in Varinassi was too far away from the Ghats, because you were out of the town you were at the mercy of the travel agent who works for this company, i would recommend to ask for a guest house closer to the Ghats so you can be a part of everything that is going on and not have to pay for taxi's to go everywhere.As for the hotel the rooms are very spacious, hot water in the shower, good room service.Just be wary booking a trip and check all details thoroughly.	
Oct 12 2009 	Wonderful hotel in old Delhi	The Tara Palace is a great little hotel! The staff is friendly and helpful, the rooms are clean and large, and the food is good. Breakfast is included and I recommend the Indian breakfast of parrathas. The airport pick-up worked flawlessly, which was great since we arrive at 8PM. The location is in the middle of Old Delhi, not on the normal tourist trail,i which can be intimidating for newcomers. But I walked by myself as late as 10PM and had no trouble at all. It is only blocks from the Chandni Chowk market, a classic old-style Delhi market full of wonderful surprises down the many side alleys. It is THE place to buy a sari (if you are looking) or lots of other things and is awesome to walk around. The Red Fort is also just a few blocks away and is a must-see. If you stay here, be sure and check out the roof. It is a great place to check out another view of the city and the hotel staff will bring you tea or even your whole meal up here. For the price (and if you want to see the real Delhi) this is a great hotel and nxt time in Delhi I am staying here again. BTW, I am a 55 year old white American.	
Oct 1 2009 	A Special Place to see the real Delhi	If you want to see real Delhi this is the place. It is a clean, comfortable well presented hotel with pleasant and helpful staff. Room pleasant but no view, aircon ok and not too noisy.Location down a little side street may seem quite intmidating but I found this was not the case at no time did I feel at risk. What is special is that not only can you see Red Fort and other sites from roof but the atmosphere of the area. During the day hotel located iin bicycle market which is lively. At night it becomes a fruit and vegetable market with sellers setting up pitches on the road side with camping lights to display their products. The area just comes to life and you can see the real Delhi in one place.	
Sep 20 2009 	Nice and safe place	Nice and cheap hotel. The rooms are clean and you're just in the middle of old town, not so far from metro line. We stayed there 3 nights, avoid the room near the kitchen because they're always at work.	
Sep 15 2009 	A nice place to stay in the heart of Old Delhi !	We booked the first night of our tour in India and the pick up at the International Airport: they were there to wait for us, which was a good start indeed. :)The hotel is clean, the staff efficient and helpful. The location of the hotel could appear at the first glance not very safe, as the place is very crowed, but we felt safer wondering on foot there than in Paharganj.	
Sep 6 2009 	In the heart of the old city	Very clean rooms, confortable after a crazy day on the streets of old Delhi, very quiet, nice and allways available staff to help you with anything you need. The location couldn't be better. Great food, we could say it was one of the best food we ate in India.Great value for price.	
Sep 6 2009 	Old Delhi Palace	We chose this hotel because it looked quite nice for its price, and the location was quite interesting for a first contact with India, the hotel itself on a alley in the middle of old Delhi, in walking distance to the Red fort, the big mosque, and the NDLS and DLI railway stations. The rooms are clean and tidy, the neighborhood is quiet and the staff is nice and helpfull, the restaurant has excellent food, maybe the best food we ate in India, available 24h a day!	
Aug 25 2009 	Fantastic stay at the Tara Palace	Our experience of this hotel started at the airport. The driver was there to welcome us, he was friendly and informative. The front desk staff were outstanding, they were friendly, helpful and nothing was too much trouble. All our special requests had been arranged prior to arrival. The rooms were very clean and well appointed and security was very high on their list of priorities. The 24 hr restaurant and room service was a definite plus point for this property, the waiting staff were efficient and friendly. All in all, a well run hotel.Mark Walker - Goa	
Jul 20 2009 	Great Hotel to Begin an Indian Journey!	This hotel was our first stop in India on a month backpacking trip, sure there are cheaper hostels but it was nice to have the pick up from the airport and the security of knowing someone was waiting for us when our flight arrived at night (and we were late out of the airport because they lost our luggage!!!) Everyone in the hotel was helpful and we could literally order great food at any hour of the day and the food was delicious!!! the men at the front desk were very helpful- gave us internet for free, gave us directions places, on our second day there we met a man named Rameez, that if I can remember works for adventure travel company (his office is attached to the hotel) Rameez sat down with us and we figured out exactly where we wanted to go for the month and together we decided what kind of class of hotels we were willing to stay in, we booked ALL our train tickets (which he had available for us the next day!!!) He then organized a cab to drive us for the next 7 days of our journey to Agra then on to the Rajasthan province! He was very helpful, funny and excellent with English, he will listen to what you wish to do, and honestly gives you a decent rate, throughout our whole trip if there were any issues with our booked hostels or tickets (including flights) we could contact him at any time, he really helped us two girl travelers out ALOT!!!!! Sooo many positives, only negative- make sure you get the hotels you want (ie. if you want to stay in the shopping area or if you want to stay away from other tourists, or if you want to go where all the other backpackers are!!!!! BE CLEAR!!!! Also if there is an area you want to tour and do on your own and pick your own hostel for the night, be sure to let Rameez know and he will plan around any schedule you give him!!!!!! Overall like I said a great place to start the trip and with helpful workers and their travel office to arrange your trip you should have no problems!!! We didn't and have deeply appreciated the help this company has given us!!!	
Jul 12 2009 	Good value for money!	Hotel Tara Palace website: www.tarapalacedelhi.comMe and my wife stayed three nights at Tara Palace on two seperate occasions in July 2009 as part of a sightseeing trip (golden triangle).Following is a list of pros and cons as well as general notes on the hotel and its service:The Pros- If you want to be in Old Delhi (or near the Red Fort), the location is good- Cheapest hotel in it's class that I could find- Very neat and tidy rooms with good airconditioning- Away from busy streets (See notes below though)- Check-in / out fairly easy. No hidden costs, credit cards accepted.- As per their website no extra taxes were added later on.- Free airport pick-up- Complimentary breakfast (Not great, but acceptable)- Room service menu at very cheap prices- 15 minutes complimentary internet usage downstairs- Elevator to all floorsThe Cons- If youve never been to India or a third world country, the location might not be suitable for you- No leeway with pick-up / drop-off (see notes)- Travel agent slightly pushy (but probably just doing his job)Notes (Please note that most budget hotels in Delhi will have some or all of these issues)- Hot water only available one of the three days (it was 40 deg C outside though)water pressure in shower acceptable though.- Try not to stay on the third floor. The kitchen and restaurant are here and there is a lot of noise echoing through the corridors till the early hours of the morning.- NIght staff can be quite unfriendly compared to the day staff- They are willing to do a free pickup from the airport (22km away) but not from New Delhi Train Station (3km away)- They refused to change the complimentary pick-up (that we did not get) into a complimentary drop-off at the airport (Rs300 extra).- Late check-out will cost half the daily room rate (Check-out is 12:00)They will kepp your bags though if you want to collect them later.- The photos of the rooms on their website are quite accurate.- Very little soap/shampoo are provided (bring your own)- Toilet paper is limited, but they will bring more if you askTravel agent(All hotels in Delhi has their own travel desk - they will all try to sell you the world: BEWARE!)- The travel agent tried his best to get us to cancel our prepaid train tickets to Agra and Jaipur and suggested we hire a car with a driver from him. He said the train to Agra takes more than three hours. (It actually takes exactly 2 hours as advertised). He said a car will only take 3 hours (actually its closer to 5 hours, sometimes more). He tried to get us to cancel hotel reservations and use his reccomendations.JUST SAY NO THANKYOU!- We paid Rs1500 for an A/C car and driver for a full day of sightseeing. It is difficult to organise this by yourself and the agent knows this - however, this price can be negociated. Also insist that if you hire a driver, an airport/station drop-off is included.You will still have to tip the driver as he doesnt see any of the money you pay to the agent.Summary:Pleasant stay in general with minor annoyances. If you can get past the location of this hotel (or even if you want to stay in Old Delhi) it is great value for the money.General Tips for this area:- There is a Metro train station 750m from the hotel. It can be tricky to find yourself (ask the locals), otherwise 5min by auto rickshaw, appr. Rs20-30 (you have to haggle)- No matter what they tell you, the Red Fort is only 400m on foot. Jama Masjid is 500m away. (Get a map from the travel desk)- Pre-paid auto-rickshaw from NDLS to hotel is Rs62. From hotel to NDLS you will have to haggle VERY hard for this price. The hotel will not go lower than Rs300 to call a taxi for you.- There are very little taxis/auto-rickshaws right outside the hotel, you'll find most on Chandni Chook.- It is expected that you tip everyone: Doorman, security guard (tip them when you check out), the two people that cary your one suitcase to AND from your room, waiters, etc. Always carry Rs10 notes with you, they are handy for tipping.- For Google Earth users: here is the location of the hotel: 28°39'16.95&quot;N 77°14'3.82&quot;E	
Jul 8 2009	Hidden Gem !	My wife &amp; I booked a flight to Delhi (from Kolkata) with a 4-day stopover on the way to Mumbai, with the express intent to see the Taj Mahal in Agra. At first, a contact in Delhi recommended us another moderately-priced hotel near the airport, where we stayed for 2 nights. Being from America and not used to the water, we succumbed to diarrhea at that hotel, so we were anxious to move to a cleaner hotel for the rest of our 2 night stay, even if it meant paying more. Unfortunately, when we read reviews of even hotels priced 3 to 4 times higher, but we found inconsistencies in reader satisfaction versus the star ratings and the hotel's price. So we decided to focus on reader reviews for cleanliness as one of the prime criterion for our hotel selection in addition to price. We found that Hotel Tara Palace had high marks from most readers on this score *and* it was reasonably priced! The con that most of these readers had to say was that it was hard to find as it was down a narrow alley way in the old part of town. We, therefore, ensured that we had the hotel manager talk to the taxi driver on our mobile phone (we got a pre-paid Airtel phone as soon as we could in India), and have his person meet the taxi at the entrance to the lane where the hotel was. Aside from this, and the fact that the hotel is about an hour (or more depending on traffic) away from the airport, we were thoroughly pleased with the hotel, including its cleanliness, its food, and amenities, etc. It must be said, that we picked the most expensive room (Rs. 1800 per night (double occupancy) on the top (3rd floor) of the hotel with a window view of the old city), by-passing the lower priced ones entirely as we needed to rest and recover from our &quot;tummy problem&quot; and the overpowering heat at this time of the year. (The monsoons were delayed this year.) The desk staff booked us an airconditioned private taxi to take us to Agra and back (a full-day trip to see the Taj Mahal, and definitely worth it). The train or A/C bus would have been cheaper, but you are at the mercy of their schedule and availability of reservations (which at a moment's notice can be hard), else we were open to that option, but couldn't avail of that mode of transport. We found the room to be spacious, the bedsheets and towels and the bathroom to be clean and bright (with enough lights), and, of course, a remote controlled A/C (we had to put in a new set of batteries) and a ceiling fan. There was no bathtub, but the bathroom was clean with a hot shower (hot water upon request). (Although, the normal cold water was comfortable enough for a shower, as the outside day temp. was up to 47 deg. C.) The floors were of inlaid marble, and the entrance door to the rooms were of inlaid marquetry wood. Really gorgeous!Room (food) service was 24/7. The food was good. We enjoyed our stay at the hotel and would recommend it to most foreigners traveling on a budget.A. B.	
Jul 6 2009 	Incredible India!	I managed to find Tara Palace after a lot of wrong turns! But it was totally worth it! The alley leading up to the hotel is totally sketchy, but once you walk it a few times its fine! My room was pretty basic, and the overall service was decent. One thing i need to commend was the brilliant, advice, and help i received in planning and working out the details of the rest of my time in India! Tara Palace had whetted my appetite and laid the bar for the facilities i wanted to stay in, the service i expected, and the price i wanted to pay. At the in-house travel desk a guy named Rameez Badyari greatly helped me out. He helped me to efficiently plan the rest of my trip in India by presenting me with many options that suited me and my needs! I am satisfied and will be coming back to Tara Palace!	
Jun 17 2009 	The best place to feel being in real India with the necessary comfort	I warmly recommend the place to people who want to be in Old Delhi with security and comfort. It isn't luxurious but very comfortable (good beds, hot water, internet, good services, guardrobe with your own key....) You feel at home, all the staff is very friendly and the manager keeps to his word. We were supposed to stay 3 days and felt so much at ease that we remained till the end of our stay in Delhi.	
Jun 14 2009 	All Around Good Experience - A rarity in India	This was my first trip to India and was feeling a tad overwhelmed by the population, by the heat, by the traffic, by my feelings of being so utterly different from everyone. I booked by hotel reservation well in advance, but was told by my taxi driver that he &quot;didn't know where Hotel Tara Palace was&quot; despite my having a good address. Finally, after asking several people for directions, I found it . It turned out to be this very peaceful oasis of friendly faces that went out of their way to be helpful and reassuring. In particular, I want to say a HUGE thanks to Rameez Badyari, a polite and knowledgeable young man who manned their travel desk. I had several places I especially wanted to visit and he helped me to logically organize my trip so that I could manage to see everyplace in a relatively short time. He booked my train tickets and hotels and suggested some off the beaten track places he thought I would enjoy seeing. I heartily recommend staying at Tara Palace and by all means talk to Rameez.	
Jun 6 2009 	Tara Palace - good clean hotel in Old Delhi	I booked 2 nights at Tara Palace based on the recommendations from TripAdvisor and other sites. I was to arrive in the late evening and this was my first time in India, so I asked them to send a car to pick me up at the airport and sure enough, there was the guy with the sign (ny name just recognisable!) at the exit, which was reassuring. We drove through the Delhi night and arrived at the entrance to the alleyway where Tara Palace is located - the alley looks unwelcoming, if not actually dangerous, but the hotel is there. The staff were polite, spoke good English and got me to my room with a minimum of fuss - this was about 1am by now. The room was clean and quiet - no complaints. The window opened into a small gap between buildings, so there's no view to look out on but the aircon worked and there's a roof patio which offers a great view of Old Delhi.Breakfast is included - Western-style or Indian, as you prefer - and was perfectly OK. Tara Palace is very close to the Jama Masjid mosque and the Red Fort - there are great views of both from the roof. Old Delhi is what I'd imagined it to be - bustling, crowded, full of stimulating sights and sounds and, happily, almost entirely devoid of the tourist-oriented commercial hassle that spoils so many popular destinations. I met a few other guests while I was at the hotel and the locals in the area were generally polite and helpful, although you need to keep your eyes open when walking on the street because the traffic, especially the cycle rickshaws, doesn't follow the rules of the road that you might expect in a Western city!I used the internet PC that's located in the reception area of the hotel to check e-mail etc, although I found I couldn't upload from my USB device - a very minor drawback. On my last day at Tara Palace, I arranged to leave my luggage while I wandered around Old Delhi and at the end of the day, the hotel called a taxi to take me on to the airport.The hotel was reasonably priced and clean, the staff were helpful, the food was good and I had no cause to complain about anything. If you plan to stay there, you might do well to get taken there by car/taxi/coach rather than try to make your own way, as it's a little way off the main road through and you could walk right past the alleyway and not see the hotel sign. All in all, I would be happy to stay at Tara Palace again.	
May 29 2009 	An oasis of calm in Old Delhi	I stayed here twice, the first time was planned and the second was because I wanted to see more of Old Delhi. If you want to get to know Delhi properly it is your best choice - you will get up close and personal with it!I can see that the location could be a bit intimidating on first sight but the bicycle market is a fabulous place and the people are brilliant.The hotel was excellent. It's clean and comfortable, the staff are fabulous - they want to help and don't try to sell at all costs. The food was as good as any I tasted on my trip and the waiters were great guys.The front of house team were also first class - you can trust their travel desk to do the best for you and to give advice without expecting a sale.I'll be back, it's high on my list favourites!	
May 13 2009 	Hotel Tara Palace Review	This hotel was out of the way, in Old Delhi. I will admit to being a little bit sceptical at first, when the taxi driver drove to this place, and pointed down a dark alley to the entrance. Even though the location wasn't fantastic, the service was quite good. A couple of the guys spoke decent english, and communication wasnt too much of a problem. Being an Aussie, I asked for a couple of beers at 10.30pm when I arrived, and they supplied them no problem. The continental breakfast was adequate, but the resteraunt serves vegetarian only.The first morning, talked to a young bloke called Rameez, who organized tours around the city, and to Agra ( 5 hour drive away)Overall a decent, economical hotel. Don't expect much nightlife around. But it is good as a base to see the cities landmarks	
Apr 23 2009 	What a sweet clean deal loved the rooftop view!	First time to Delhi, so many surprises upon arrival.The last thing we wanted was a dirty scary hotel. Don't worry when you pull up and have to walk down a dark narrow street- it is back there. We LOVED Hotel Tara! Clean, quiet, good breakfast (included), nice shower, great rooftop view! We ( 2 women) woke up and walked around Old Delhi for an hour taking in the sights and ALL the people. Perfect hotel, especially for the price!!	
Apr 12 2009 	Budget hotel for those who don't mind that sort of thing.	We're a family of five (39,36,15, 9, and 7) and we booked this hotel based on the reviews here. Here's our take:This was our first trip to India and we decided to skip the tour groups and set it up ourselves. We booked Tara Palace online off of their website and the room was immediately charged in full on my credit card (We paid $35 per night per room). We booked 3 nights (the first 2 nights of our trip and the last night when we returned to Delhi). We booked a car and driver who picked us up from the airport but wasn't familiar with Tara Palace. After a phone call to a friend, we headed the hour drive from Indira Gandhi airport to the hotel. The hotel was called en route and porters helped us take our bags from the car and down the dark alley. OK. Let's talk about this alley a bit more. The hotel is situated in the &quot;old cycle market&quot; where vendors are selling their wares and tires hang from shopkeeper's hooks. Tara Palace has a large neon sign from their roof which can be seen from a mile away but when closer to the hotel, there's just a 4'x8' sign at the alley's entrance. Into the alley and you'll see closed shop doors and an old bar entrance called &quot;King Kong&quot; (no longer in business). The alley then does a quick left and right turn and after another 20 feet you'll get to the hotel's door. A friendly security guard opens the door for you and you're then into the tiny lobby.The lobby had a couch, a tv usually turned to the local cricket game, reception desk, and a free internet connected computer (this can be used in 15 minute increments and was always available which was nice as the hotel didn't have wifi). Check-in didn't take long and we were soon off to our rooms, numbers 205 and 204. The hotel has an elevator but usually we opted for the stairs as it was as quick. Now for the rooms. The first thing I noticed when I entered was the smell. The hotel must mitigate an insect problem with moth balls as the bathroom's sink and floor drain had a couple a piece. At first, keeping the bathroom door closed was fine enough (unless we wanted to use the bathroom), but after a while, I did something that I cautiously recommend. I flushed the moth balls down the toilet which got rid of the smell. Sorry, Tara Palace, that was me. Speaking of which, western toilets and TP were there and there was the ubiquitous spigot and bucket as well as a built-in toilet bidet thingy which never worked in any of the rooms. The shower needs to be run a couple minutes before getting hot and didn't have the best of water pressure. The floor is pretty much flat in the bathroom so expect to get most of the floor wet including area around the toilet. (There was also the bucket system available but since I was too embarrassed to ask the clerk how to do that, I dealt with wet floors). The beds were adequate. The basic white sheets with a scratchy fiber sheet on top. They were relatively clean (although one room had a visible stain set-in on it, they were washed at least). The mattresses are firm but we found that to be on par with the rest of the hotels we stayed in in India (from low-end to high-end hotels). There are no extra sheets or pillows supplied in the room either. The rooms had functioning air conditioners and ceiling fans which only work with the key inserted in the wall. We were in three rooms altogether 204 and 206 (and 216 instead of 204 on our return visit). If you get these rooms, don't expect a view from your window. To be more specific, don't book this hotel if you want a window to look out onto anything. One had a window in the bathroom which if opened would look into the hallway, the other looked into a small 4'x4' hole that went up to the roof. Also, the rooms have a dormer window over the room's door. In 205, this wasn't a problem for me as the room was L-shaped and the bed didn't have a view of the door. The other 2 rooms were square shaped and as such, the hall lights shone through the frosted glass and lit up the room. A free breakfast comes with the room (up to 2 per room, since we had 5 people, we were charged 99 rupees for the extra). Order the american breakfast which included a one egg omelet, toast with jelly, a small bowl of corn flakes with hot milk, and mango juice. Why, with all of these negatives, am I giving this hotel a high rating? The first is the price. Delhi's hotel prices are a bit higher than other cities and this was a good price for a clean hotel. The other part is its location. The morning after arriving in Delhi and spending a night in Tara Palace, we woke up around 5am and took a long walk around the area. We discovered that we were very close to Chandni Chowk (about 2 blocks away). The entrance to the Red Fort is about 5 blocks away. Jama Masjid was also within walking distance as well as countless other shops as well. Once we learned how close we were to Red Fort, autorickshaw drivers who weren't familiar with Tara palace had no problem taking us to Red Fort and then we would walk the short distance back to the hotel.Close restaurants within relative walking distance were Karim's, McDonald's and Moti Mahal (The last is recommended as it was a nice clean place that served delicious fare at reasonable prices).On our return to Delhi, we stayed one night at Tara Palace but our flight wasn't until 1am. We talked to reception and were allowed to stay in our room for half-price until 9pm.	
Jan 26 2009 	Old Delhi is a shock to the senses	We stayed at the Hotel Tara Palace on the first night of our 3 week holiday touring India.Old Delhi was a real shock to the senses for me... perhaps I was a little naive. The noise is deafening, constant hooting, animals all over the place no pavements and a great deal of rubbish all around.It would be fair to say that my heart dropped when I saw that our hotel was down a dark alleyway .... what had I done!The hotel however was very clean. The staff were helpful and courtious, and our room was large.Due to a cancelled flight we had to alter our booking at short notice, they were very willing to assist, care for our bags and advise us on travel plans.As we stayed in January when it was quite cold in the evening they supplied a fan heater. We had tv will plenty of channels, a large bathroom, a comfortable bed and I would say it was very good value for money.The walls were quite thin, so if you are a light sleeper I would recommend ear plugs!Breakfast was nice, and we also had supper on one night which was excellent. No alcohol served here.I didn't enjoy wandering around in the evening and there weren't really any nice restaurants around (McDonalds around the corner!)There is free internet for guests in the lobby.I would recommend this for people of a budget, but if you are not I would prefer to stay in Connaught Place as it is cleaner, and quite nice to wander around in the evening.Total nights staying at the hotel 2.	
Jan 12 2009 	great value near red fort	probably as good as you will find in the chaotic centre of old delhi .I&quot;ve been to india a few times so know what to expect and this hotel was certainly better than my hopes .Yes it is located in a run down area but this is truly the centre of old delhi . and the streets are buzzing with indian daily life All the facilities are clean,the rooms bright with adequate facilities the restaurant is fine the staff helpful. the price is a bargain for this standard of accom all in all a no brainer .I will recommend this to friends without hesitation	
Jan 6 2009 	Great value for money!	This has to be the best &quot;value for money&quot; hotel in Delhi. The location is great for the Red Fort and in the midst of Old Delhi. Take advantage of the complimentary airport pickup - it's good to have a driver who knows how to find the hotel as it is down an alleyway. We stayed at the hotel on two occasions and both rooms were clean and functional. The complimentary breakfast was basic, but given the price that you pay for the room (which included breakfast) it was fine.We would definately recommend this hotel to travellers to Delhi.Don't be put off by the entrance to the alley way - there's a gem of a hotel at the end!	
Dec 22 2008	nice place - location is tough	This place was very nice... clean with good serivces, warm shower etc... the price is a bit high. The location is tough in general (old Delhi) but the hotel certainly stands out as an oasis. It's a bit tricky to find so I would try to arrange a pick-up at the train or bus station or airport. Pretty close to the subway and Red Fort... might want try to avoid walking around in the early morning though (before sunrise)... depends what you're looking for but you will certainly see the 'old delhi side' of India	
Dec 11 2008 	Basic stay at the Tara	Well, we needed a place for a quick overnight after flying nearly 24 hours and then having a flight the next morning. The hotel was pretty average and the walls were pretty thin. The bed was relatively stiff but we were so tired after all that flying that it didn't really matter. For the price, it was not too bad. The alleyway was a little scary coming in late at night, but was much less so in the day light. The area where the hotel is located is a bit dirty, but you won't really escape that if you spend any time in Delhi! The breakfast that was included wasn't bad, either!	
Nov 25 2008 	Noisy as hell	Clean and an interesting location in the middle of a market but it is impossible to sleep.They have the tv blasting 24 hours a day downstairs at reception and you can hear it in the rooms.The other annoying thing is the lift buzzer.I went for breakfast on the first day and they had jugs of water. I said mineral water and pointed at the jug. The waiter said &quot;Yes&quot;. Then ten minutes later after I had drunk two glasses of water a bottle of mineral water turned up.Avoid unless desperate.They did arrange an airport pickup which was good.	
Nov 15 2008 	You could do worse	The Hotel Tara Palace was a decent cheap hotel, right in the heart of old Delhi and very close to the Red Fort and Jama Masjid. This was the first place we stayed in India and the surrounding area was a great crash course in Indian mess and chaos.The airport transfer we booked through the hotel was slow (it took about 2 hours before we even left the airport, we have no idea what the guy was doing) and overpriced. Next time we'd definitely skip it and taxi/auto rickshaw. Once we arrived at the hotel the driver even had the nerve to ask for a tip!The room itself was clean and quite nice, although quite light and noisy at night.The staff at the desk were friendly enough but very pushy and reminded us of used car salesmen. Every time we talked to them we felt as though we were being hustled in some way.Breakfast was average.	
Nov 2 2008 	Best in Old Delhi	I stayed here for a week in October, 2008. Pre-paid airport pickup was prompt and as promised. The hotel is wonderfully located, if Old Delhi is what you want. It sits at the end of a small alley that looks scary at first but once you get used to the ebb and flo of the area, you see that it is busy but safe. The hotel room was very clean. The included breakfasts were solid. The desk staff was excellent. Two negatives, both avoidable: you WILL get pressed for trips, etc. by hotel people. If you want to take them up on it, I'm sure they'll do a decent job. I wasn't interested, made that clear and they very quickly left me alone. Second, I had to leave a day early and the hotel refused to refund my last day's pre-paid payment. Suggestion: don't prepay, except the first night. All in a all a great very attractively priced clean and safe hotel in Old Delhi -- one of the few.	
Sep 26 2008 	Great hotel best choice in Delhi	For our first night in Delhi we chose this hotel after reading reviews and comparing different sites-we were very happy with our choice, very good and clean room, very good price,great location in Old Delhi, nice and helpful staff-never tried to sell us anything which is much appreciated in India... lovely breakftast, internet We were so happy that we chose it again later on our journey, I do recomment to stay here- it is a pity that is not recommended on the guides-I had the Rough GuideOf course Old Delhi streets are a bit shocking if it is your first time in India but we loved it and preferred to stay there and visit around and get lost in the alleys and the bazaar	
Sep 8 2008 	Okay Hotel	The staff at the hotel were very nice and willing to help us plan our trip and get us taxi's. The room was clean and quiet and the room service was decent. The air condtioner didn't work and the glass in our bathroom window was shattered, as well as some missing glass shards missing which made us nervous about mosquito's. As far as location goes, it is walking distance to the red fort and transportation is easy in Delhi. I would not stay here if I was not traveling with a man based on it's location in old delhi. We were told the area near coughnant place was a bit safer. Make sure you email and call your flight info to the hotel if you want to get the shuttle service. Looking back on our trip, it would have been worth it to pay more and get a nicer hotel to escape to after seeing Delhi. The place was pretty cheap, so I guess we got what we paid for.	
Sep 2 2008 	A little better than average	My weeklong stay at the Tara Palace was just alright. It also could be that I just didn't like Delhi in general and that jaded me toward the Tara Palace, but there were several things I didn't like about the hotel. But let me start with what I did like:-Airport pickup was great. No problems here. A little more expensive than a prepaid, but you can't really complain about that.-Hotel was clean. Rooms were made every day and soap/shampoo was replaced most days.-A good location. Near the Red Fort and Chawni Chowk metro. Some don't like the location in the middle of the dirty old city, but I didn't really mind.-Free breakfast! It's a nice breakfast, too.What I didn't like:-They seriously don't know how to make a bed. Someone needs to teach them. The sheet only covered my midsection and the blanket covered my feet. It was weird.-I always got the feeling they were trying to sell me things. Packages and such. Every I was asked where I was going. You could chalk this up to friendliness, but it seemed to have ulterior motives.-The guy who works the desk at night is a jerk. Not helpful at all and almost misleading. The first night I was there he told me I owed 100 rupees for using the computer for one hour. No where in Delhi charges more than 50 rupees an hour for the internet and he was clearly going to pocket the money I gave him. I didn't give him anything and told him to bill it to my room. I talked to other travelers in the hotel and they had similar negative experiences with him, also.All in all, the stay was just ok. I liked a lot of things about the hotel but didn't like some other things. I think that puts it about neutral, right?	
Aug 20 2008 	good hotel but location so so	Clean hotel, good service depending with who you're talking, but in a sketchy location. If it's your first stay in Delhi, you'll be surprised. Not too safe during the night if you wanna go out.	
Aug 16 2008 	Great place the other glowing reviews were accurate.	Pros:Perfectly Clean, and they seem to clean your room everyday (a plus in India it seems)Great Location - 5 minute walk to Red Fort, subway station, McDonalds, and ATMsVery helpful front deskQuiet insideNice construction for the price (white marble floors, etc.)Good free breakfast included (proper breakfast, not muffins and juice boxes)Cons:Neighborhood is very, very dirty, and very, very poor. It's really a bit horrible your first time. Much of Delhi is that way though. Conclusion:Our favorite of 4 hotels we used in India, and ironically the cheapest. Aside from the disgusting neighborhood, everything about it is great.	
Jul 27 2008	Clean hotel spotty service	The hotel is clean and comfortable and the staff are lovely. It's located in a small alley in the back of Old Delhi which may be a bit overwhelmng for a first-time visitor, but I found it to be one of the more interesting neighborhoods in Delhi.The service was inconsistent, which was a real let-down. I waited an hour at the airport for the prepaid pickup and when nobody arrived set out on my own. 2 hours, one taxi and one rickshaw later I finally located the hotel. Note that their booking confirmation forms have no address or phone number on them so write them down separately!The hotel solicited information about my plans then recommended a travel agent who turned out to offer very poor value. The first day he sent a driver in a non A/C car that rattled all over Delhi. I'd asked for hotels like Tara Palace and although I was charged similar rates, got some substandard hotels in Agra and Jaipur and a replacement driver who insisted on taking me to commissioned &quot;crafts shops&quot; despite the owner's insistence that they wouldn't. If Tara Palace is going to quiz their guests about plans then send them to a recommended travel agent, they should make sure the agent is delivering what he promised and value for money.	
Mar 1 2008 	Good clean and friendly hotel in Delhi	This hotel is new with spotlessly clean, spacious rooms and comfortable beds. The staff were exceptionally friendly, they bent over backwards to assist and the restaurant food was OK. Internet is available in rooms if you have a PC and the room and laundry service was good.There were insufficient blankets on the bed on arrival but more were secured from reception after a phone call. This seems to be common in India in that you are given one single top sheet and one single blanket for a queen sized bed. This happened several times in various places. The location was good and central as long as you didn’t mind going down an alley (probably better for groups or couples than solos). The Red Fort and metro only a short walk away.A very good hotel for the price and a great find in Delhi where many of the hotels are a disgrace, even if you pay much more.We would definitely stay there again.	
Jan 21 2008 	Service with a Smile	I arrived at by myself at night., and as a female was a little apprehensive. I was a little put off at first as it is tucked away down a lane in a not so welcoming part of Delhi. But upon entering I was given excellent, friendly warm service. The rest of our party of 14 arrvived over the next day and all received the same treatment. The rooms were clean and neat. The restaurant served tasty food and nothing was too much trouble. The rooftop terrace provide excellent views over the Red Fort. Perhaps if you were travelling solo(female) or first time to India, it is not ideal,but for couples, or groups it is fantastic. Would recommend. Internet access in the rooms plus cable TV, prompt 24 hour room service. Nearby is busy Chandi Chowk which in day is colourful and you can buy fresh fruit at markets. Nearby is Haldirans -great clean Indian fast food plus fantastic sweets! And if you must there is also a Mcdonalds nearby	
Jan 16 2008 	Warm and friendly Tara	Tara Palace was our first hotel in India and it was with some trepidation that we got off our coach in Old Delhi. The facade was not impressive - far from it; but the warmth began as soon as we walked in the door.The accommodation was clean and the staff could not have been more helpful. The small but friendly eating area was always open and it was a treat to wander in for our tea and toast early in the morning. Hot water was a bit dodgy at times, but staff were always willing to help us when we got into trouble.Drinks on the roof was also a treat. All in all, a really good quality three-star hotel.	
Jan 4 2008 	So-So Hotel	If what you are looking for is a clean room, then you will get what you are looking for here. This can be a difficult thing to find in many hotels in Delhi. Unfortunately, it is in a really bad neighborhood. But then again, unless you want to stay in a really expensive hotel in Delhi, it is going to be in a bad neighborhood. The location is good for some of the sightseeing. It is right across from the Red Fort and very close to some of the other sights, but don't expect to be able to wander around past sundown. The key thing for us was that it was clean. If your taxi driver insists on calling ahead to &quot;confirm&quot; your reservations, it is a scam. He will pretend to call and then tell you your room is double booked and try to divert you to another hotel where he gets a hefty commission. Insist on going to the hotel. Your room is still available. This is a common scam	
Dec 26 2007 	Budget Hotel TaraPalace "Nice Interior Helping staff great nearby Historical	Hotel was clean, with an impressive lobby,although the room was smallish, but had all the facilities there.The historic places near the hotel like Red Fort, Raj Ghat, Gurudwara Sheesh Ganj and many other places of Old Delhi are at walking distance form the hotel.Hotel staff was very friendly and supportive but the thing which was most useful for me was the internet connection the my room as I am a techie ;-) so cant live without it.I would like to visit this hotel again soon.	
Sep 25 2007 	Don't go here on first night in India!	This hotel was clean, however the experience of this hotel due to its location and the hotel staff was awful. This area of old delhi is massively crowded with men who stared with contemptuous disdain or who agressively hassled us for custom/tours you name it. If this is your first night in India after a long flight I'd recommend you stay in Connaught place or central Delhi. Certainly wouldn't recommend this hotel or area to a lone female - the amount of hassle and contempt you receive is not worth it and the area could well be dangerous at night. The hotel staff directed all comments to my (male) companion, even when I asked questions; the lobby was continually filled with around 10 men who sat about and gawked at my chest. Been to India several times before with no problems, was dressed conservatively, never had this sort of intimidation in a hotel. The hotel manager woke us up with a phone call at 7am on our first (and last) morning there demanding to know our plans for the day, then when we went out, followed us down the street agressively hawking various tours/deals. Later he told me he had to photograph me and got out a computer camera - when I asked why he became very agressive and threatening, and only backed down when my partner intervened. No other hotel during our stay in India requsted a photo of either of us. When we ordered room service there were four visits to our room - one to deliver the food, one to take the plates away, one to get the money and another for the change and to get a tip. Annoying.This hotel would probably be bearable after a few weeks acclimatising and developing a thick skin, but if you're going for a couple of weeks holiday I'd advise you to pick somewhere out of old delhi, and certainly not tara palace.	
Sep 25 2007 	furchtbar furchtbar furchtbar!!!!!		
Sep 25 2007 	très bon choix		
Nov 26 2009 	Basico pero bien		
Oct 7 2009 	A reserver absolument à Delhi		
Sep 12 2009	correct		
Aug 20 2009 	idéalement placé au coeur de delhi propre et bon marché		
Aug 6 2009 	Voyage au Rajasthan!!		
Oct 7 2008 	hôtel pas fiable du tout		
Aug 24 2008 	Un 10 !!		
Apr 2 2008 	au coeur de la vie grouillante du vieux Delhi		
