Feb 28 2009 	No way for any Tourist to go this hotel	HiMarina Conaught Delhi is the worst hotel , we found that they were highly costly Awful USD 120 and did not even have Warm Water to BathThe walls are worst , stinking and very small rooms . Only because its in centre of Delhi people prefer ??? But who would like to stay in Centre of Delhi any more.. and with Marina Kind HOTEL .PLEASE GOD THEY SHOULD HAVE CHARGED LESS THAN 40usd AND THAT TOO ONLY FOR LOCATIONPEOPLE DO NOT GO THIS HOTELRohit	
Apr 18 2008	Scandalous!	Scandalous! We were told this hotel had 4 stars it´s not even worth 1. Unclean, soiled, worn down and we saw cockroaches in the diningroom. Terrible stay, nothing in the hotell fit the descriptrion we got beforehand.	
Apr 10 2008 	Disgusting	Never ever is the word.Do not stay here, it is disgusting, from the dilapitated outside to the towels with holes as big as your two fists. Everything about this hotel is terrible. I don't know where to begin. The only thing I can say is that this made me feel as if I am in a dingy hotel in New York City in the 70s and lots of hookers have slept on the bed that I slept on that night only I am India. I wore a long tank top, a hoodie (that I stretched out so my face don't have to touch anything), sweats and socks.Musty room, stained bedrest, food dried on the wall, broken tiles in the bathroom, non-draining shower and the plastic in the bathroom is yellow. And no, I did not dare try the food.	
Jan 14 2008 	Horrible Horrible and Horrible	I am extremely disgusted with this place. Worst place I have ever stayed. The hotel is 4-star rated but frankly, I have stayed in places better than this which are not star-rated. Rooms are damp, smelly, rotting, cracks on walls. Toilets are disgusting. Absolutely horrible place to stay.	
Nov 25 2007 	Not THAT bad!	I do agree with other reviewers that this hotel has seen better days and the claims of being 4* are pushing it a bit, but I didn't think it was that bad. My room was clean and tidy, and the location is really central - easy for exploring and handy for the metro stations. The breakfast was ok, and they have a 24 hour cafe on the premises, handy for getting bottles of water whatever time you get in! On reflection, whilst I certainly wasn't knocked out by the experience, it was a perfectly good place to stay for a couple of nights in Delhi.	
Jun 12 2007	Bad end to great India trip	We paid S$200 (about US$130) to the travel agency to arrange for this additional 1-day stay in Delhi, thinking it would be a good end to a great trip traversing Kashmir, Ladakh, Delhi, Agra and Jaipur, having been assured it is one of the better hotels. To our dismay, the hotel looked dilapidated from the outside when we arrived (see photo), though it was in the heart of Connaught Place - the shopping area in New Delhi. There were only 2 levels (with the ground level consisting of only the bell-reception area and lift). A small hotel, it was dirty and the bell-boy was a middle-aged grouchy man who dragged our luggage and did not bother to talk at all. The reception personnel was, however, polite and helpful. Our room (standard) floor was small, dirty / sandy and un-carpeted, and there were cigrette butts in the bathroom floor. The room is on the same level as a walkway (which our window opens to) used by the staff of the hotel. This made it neccessary for us to keep the curtains closed, which the poor lighting in the room made it look dinghy. Our breakfast was reasonably ok, consisting of Indian and Continental fare. The dining area was, however, a made-shift one in the conference hall, and it was not very clean. Besides the reception staff, the only other saving grace is the location - right smack in the heart of Connaught Place. If you wish to avoid travelling much and yet get some shopping and meals done, I guess it is not a bad place, though you would have to put up with the other bad points about the hotel. Definitely not worth the money paid, and not 4-star as claimed (maybe only 2-star). (Am not sure, however, if there is really a vast difference in standards and expectations between the Indians (the recommenders) and foreigners (the reviewers), which led to this and many other bad reviews, when the hotel is claimed to be a government-sanctioned 4-star one. Guess one needs to either pay more for good hotels in Delhi, or reduce the expectation.)	
May 10 2007 	Very delapidated looking hotel	The only good thing about this hotel was the staff who were very helpful and considerate. The room was below average (even for India), the food average and the food service poor. I would never stay in this hotel again	
Mar 27 2007 	Should not call itself a Hotel. Absolutely terrible.	This hotel was booked thru a travel agent in Delhi. I love to travel and never used a tour agent before and thought I would give it a try. (She told me it was a 4-5 star hotel.) Big mistake. WIll never use a tour agent again. Room was damp and musky. Tthe AC didn't work properly and was noisy. The fan that was in the room was dusty and broken. The bedsheets looked liked the should have been discarded 20 years ago. Felt like bugs were in the bed with me sleeping. The toilet was disgusting. The service was terrible. The bellman who carried my bags griped about my tip. Lucky it was for only one night. When the hotel is charging 5000 Rupees ($100 US) then it should meet western standards or at least be clean. I stayed at hostels that charged a fraction but a million times cleaner and friendlier. Didnot want to waste my digital camera taking photos of this dump.	
Mar 17 2007 	A liitle bit noisy old utility	Before travelling to New Delhi, I looked at reviews about this hotel at TripAdvisor, and it was very helpful.At check-in, I requested a quiet room not facing streets to avoid noisy traffic and in the middle of corridor.I could avoid traffice noise but I was in bad luck and awaken by the loud noise of some barking dogs at night for an hour. Also, I could hear loud sound of foot steps when people walked in the corridor at night. There was no carpet in the hallway.Fundamently the hotel was designed without sound-proof windows.Hot water pressure of shower facility at bathroom was so weak that I could barely take warm shower.The floor of room was not cleaned every day, but it was cleaned when I requested.The line Internet was not installed, the hotel provides wireless Internet, but the signal was so weak that I could not use the Internet.With regrad to other things that were rased by reviewers at TripAdvisor, it was improved.Bed linen was clean, TV was good with many channels, and breakfast food was good. New carpet was put in breakfast restaurant. There were no bugs in room or restaurant.The hotel staff said that they are renovating it, but I do not know how soon it will be.	
Mar 12 2007	NOT WORTH ONE STAR	recomended by india tourist office where we paid our fee for deluxe hotel room, we were shown to our room, which turned out to be a standard room with view overlooking back alley behind hotel the bedcover was filthy and in a disgusting condition and the room smelt of urine. upon ordering a cuppa from room service it arrived and was served in cracked cups at night the corridor sounded like piccadilly circus and woken several times by the noise the buffet breakfast was cold and inedible and on the last morning both eggs on my plate rotten staff although efficient and friendly were always pestering for tips. my personal advice steer clear its yeuk!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Feb 28 2007 	An absolute dump	This hotel is an absolute dump and should be pulled down. We were booked to stay 3 nights at the Marina but only stayed 1 night. The hotel had supposedly been renovated - it certainly had not started when we were there in October 2006. The toilet leaked, the shower leaked, everything was filthy dirty.It may be acceptable if you paid $40AUD and rated as a 2 star hotel but to pay $170AUD and be rated 4 star is daylight robbery.We experienced 5 rooms before being upgraded to the suite - each was as bad as the other, including the suite.Don't waste your money.	
Jan 26 2007	Nice warm hotel in the heart of Delhi	Booked a room at the Marina by contacting them directly. Reservations were easy enough and available at short notice, with a 25% discount on the list price. The best part about this hotel is the location and price. Rooms are clean and open on to a balcony. Plus the hotel has a nice warm feel to it!!	
Jan 5 2007 	Worse than any hotel I've ever stayed in	I traveled as a single parent of a teenager to India as part of a last-minute package tour during the peak tourist season (Christmas break). Hotel Marina was where we spent our first two and last day before leaving India. It was the only hotel available when the tour agency made arrangements for Delhi, and cost more than $200/night, so I assumed it was a decent place.We landed, exhausted of course, in Delhi and were met by our travel agency and transferred to the Hotel Marina. I had expected India to be dirtier than we are used to, but nothing prepared me for the Hotel Marina.The desk staff completely ignored me for more than 3 minutes as I stood there in front of two chatting men at 5am. When a gentleman approached the desk to check out, the desk staff was immediately helpful and solicitous. So I will rate the friendliness of the reception staff as &quot;Okay, but some problems&quot; based on its effort, but inability to deal with a single woman.We were given 144, which was at the absolute end of a labyrinth of corridors and overlooking the busy Connought Circle (which is a cacophony of horns even at the wee hours). I have found cleaner restrooms on the motorway. The shower did not have a shower curtain, and was a spigot over a drain in the bathroom floor. There was no cold water. There was standing water in the corner by the toilet, which was humorously banded with a paper &quot;Disinfected for your Use.&quot; There was no top on the toilet tank, and we had to reach in and pull the ball up to flush. There was mold on some of the walls, and it was black and thick on the tiles of the shower area. The TV did not work, half of the various lamps/light bulbs in the room were burnt out, and the room smelled so strongly of mold that our noses started to stop up within an hour. The noise from the street was so strong, it was as if we were outside with the thronging masses.We asked to change rooms.In the new room (see pictures), at least we had a tub with shower curtain, but it was a very small step up. There was still mold everywhere, and the room hadn't been swept in a long time. The dust bunnies were huge and really disgusting, and rolled back and forth around the floor like tumbleweeds while the oscillating fan was on.At breakfast, we realized how clean our rooms actually were. The floor was carpeted, but it is hard to tell what the color was - it was the color of a million stains and pieces of lint and crumbs. I truly believe that the carpet had not been vacuumed (let alone cleaned) for years. We left our things at one of the three non-smoking tables and approached the buffet. A waiter lifted a tray with watermelon juice to us, and a large cockroach ran up one of the glasses and started scurrying across the top. I turned him down quickly and he simply brushed the bug onto the floor and it scurried away. At the buffet, I turned to my son and told him not to eat anything that wasn't cooked and that didn't have a high flame under the chafing dish to ensure that it was being kept very hot. He reached for a bun, and another cockroach emerged, crawling over the same bun that he wanted. I motioned to the waiter and pointed out the new offending bug, and it was (again) brushed off the table and onto the dark floor where it disappeared in the mottled mess.Sickened, I grabbed my kid and we left. We found a McDonalds across the street and down one block.That evening, while I was brushing my teeth (with bottled water) in the hotel room, my son screamed. I came out to find him on the bed pointing at the largest palmetto bug (a large winged cockroach) I had ever seen crawling across the floor towards his bed. I grabbed an ashtray and trapped it, and slid it across the floor and out over the threshold for someone else to deal with.The room was stuffy and smelly, so I decided to open the window. At once, I realized that the price of a private room was a room overlooking the alley/trash cans. I quickly shut the window again. The room across from ours and the room next to ours had some sort of group of male merchants (clothes hanging on racks), and lots of men sitting on chairs chatting with cups of tea could be seen through the open doors any time we walked by. At 1AM, however, the noise of their boisterous conversation was driving us crazy. The halls are not carpeted, and act as echo chambers for any movement, and their conversation wasn't quiet. I knocked on one of the doorjambs and asked if they would please close their doors. One merely waived his hand dismissively saying, &quot;Sorry sorry.&quot; and I went back to my room. At 2AM, when the noise continued, I called reception and asked for help. After hearing him come to their room and converse for a moment, he left. The men then came to my room, pounding on the door and screaming, &quot;Crazy madam!&quot; They returned every half hour or so to remind me that I was crazy.I was unbelievably relieved to leave the hotel the next morning. It was a very unpleasant experience, and as one traveler said, it was a very disappointing introduction to India. We were only there for a few hours on our departure, and after personally calling around trying to find a hotel with rooms, I gave up and convinced my son that it wouldn't be so bad, and promising him that we'd eat at McDonald's.Stay away from this horrible place!!! PLEASE!!	
Dec 4 2006	Not the best introduction to India	Stayed at the start and end of an Explore holiday in India.Positives: helpful staff, bar drinks and food okNegatives: room smelt musty, damp patches on wall, bathroom v poor: dimly lit, ancient cracked tiling and fittings, only hot water, dodgy looking electrics (but all working in our room at least).Not recommended as an intoduction to India	
Nov 24 2006	Not what it says on the tin	Stayed here twice with some 18 other group members as part of an Explore holiday. The hotel has little resemblance to the way it describes itself on its website. It is located on a main road and hence the nearby traffic is very noisy (even for Delhi). Some rooms are very poorly maintained and dirty, others are adequate (but no more). Hot water and air conditioning are erratic. Breakfast is poor, meals ordered off the menu are average or poor depending on your choice. The bar is good (the beer is cold) and the hotel staff try to be helpful. Money changing at the hotel is erratic so best to change at the airport.Although I did not find it as bad as many of the reviews, given a choice, I would seek to pay more for a better quality hotel.	
Nov 14 2006 	utterly dreadful marina hotel.	This was an appalling hotel. It was a totally filth-ridden tourist rip-off foul heap of a decrepit overpriced grimy monstrosity. Our rooms (212 and 216) were filthy and the toilet leaked. We all got nasty food poisoning from the vile unhygienic excues which passed for a kitchen. The telephone bill was criminal extortion - the equivalent of 40 UK pounds for a 10 minute call to Britain. This was robbery. We knew this and were were told so by the tourist office on Janpath, members of staff at the university, and the British High Commission. Do not go to this hotel it is dreadful. You will be ill, and all your money taken from you, and you will end up feeling depressed, low, and that you have just been in a terrible place and that you want to go home.	
Nov 8 2006	Probably the worst	Despite the promising address of Connaught Circus, when the taxi pulled up on the pavement outside this dirty, dingy address, we knew we were in trouble. As one of the other reviews had advised us, we asked for a room away from the traffic noise, but to no avail. Our room was very poor, but the worst point of this hotel was its rstaurant where one was forced to have breakfast. What a dirty dingy hole!My advice is to pay a bit extra, and get a decent hotel. This one is rubbish, and its web-site ought to be repeorted as being downright misleading	
Jun 28 2006	Could do better	I recently stayed at the Marina Hotel on two seperate nights as part of a package tour in India. Both rooms I stayed in weren't without their flaws. The bathroom, while being made of marble, was in need of a clean. There was alot of mould in the shower recess and the shower nozzle sprayed in all directions. The towels were old and worn out. The sheets were torn and stained. I opted to sleep in my sleeping bag liner instead. The hotel lobby was definetely in a better condition than the rooms. The staff were friendly and porters delivered and collected our bags quickly. Try to request a room not facing the street as these are considerably quieter than street front rooms, where traffic can be heard around the clock.	
Apr 18 2006	Acceptable but bring your linen	The hotel was an acceptable option because it is extremely hard to find anything worthwile in Delhi in the mid-range section. We paid around 70 USD per night. Marina is rated four stars but it is on a one star (maybe 2 stars) level in Europe. Hotel is in a shabby state and the lobby looks better than the rooms. The first night we were there the room was very noisy because of the refrigerator which was making a terrible sound. When we turned it off, the water was leaking to we had to suffer. Next morning they put us up in a different room and this was OK. Linen did not look too clean so we put up our own. Bathroom is mouldy and the shower is not working right. Breakfast buffet was substandard (Indian food, toast, some fruit). Staff is OK. Do not take the rooms on the second floor at the end of the corridor (for example room 245 and similar). These rooms have not been used for a long time and have a funny smell. (These are facing the terrace).	
Mar 19 2006 	Stay away from this hotel	If we had not arrived at midnight, we would have walked out right away. The building and the rooms are run down, services are unfriendly, our rooms are dirty, the bathrooms are dirty, the phones could not call out. Could not sleep well at all after 7 hour flight and we are so bothered that we are leaving first thing in the morning.	
Sep 18 2007 	pessimo pessimo		
Jan 22 2006 	Marina hotel accettabile		
