Oct 14 2009	KoolYaar	I was with a marriage party and we had booked our rooms in this hotel. We reached the hotel in the morning, after a exhaustive journey by train from Chennai. But the service was good. And the tariff is an added attraction, really less. Considering the area (Karol Baug), the price is affordable. Service cannot be said Excellent, but considering its tariff, service provided is good.Proximity of Metro Rail is an added advantage.	
Jul 23 2009 	Beware: Must keep Copy of Reservation Confirmation to Avoid Extra Charges	We stayed at Hotel Swati in July for two nights. It is centrally located and moderately priced. Included vegetarian breakfast is good too. Wi-Fi internet access is included in the room rate and worked on our floor without problem. I must warn about the underhanded practice by management: We had booked a &quot;SUITE&quot; with a king bed for two adults and two children with one additional bed included in the price. When we checked out, we were charged for the extra bed. The manager on duty will not remove the charge until I went on the web (thankfully they had web access in the lobby) and showed him the confirmation email mentioning no additional charge for the roll away bed. I believe they also cheated us by giving a standard room for a price of suite since the room was very small and the roll away bed had to be &quot;rolled away&quot; in morning because there would be no room to move about with the extra bed in there. I recommend inspecting all available room types upon check-in to avoid the scam.....	
May 29 2009 	Great Family Hotel	We reached the hotel late at night after 10 hour drive from Fatehpur(Rajasthan). But, were stumped by the hospitality of the staff even at that odd hour. Check In was quick late night menu exhaustive and service commendable.The hotel is neat and clean with internet access facility and a well informed travel desk.	
Mar 6 2009 	Good City Hotel	It is good city hotel tucked in the shopping area of karol bagh. I Stayed in the executive room , was decent ,spacious and clean, although air conditioner was the only ventilator for the room. It is a very professionally managed hotel , staff very friendly and helpful. Restaurant is 100% vegetarian but good, buffet breakfast is good and safe. The hotel is close to all basic necessities and the metro rail station, which is a great boon getting around delhi. Final result , good for tourist, business , in city hotel .	
Mar 1 2009 	nice hotel	booked the hotel online after reading tripadvisor reviewsIts cheap and you get what you pay for ,i stayed for two saysin january Had a very comfortable stay at this hotel.Good room/laundry service Execllent restuarant Excellent service through-out the stay	
Dec 18 2008 	Good for shopping and sights	We ended our 3 week trip in Delhi having started our trip there. We had seen most of the highlight sights on our first visit so we wanted to shop and fit in the ones we had missed. This was probably the most money we had spent on a room and choose Karol Bagh over the Connaught area as prices there were a little higher and reviews not that great. This wasn’t from the Lonely Planet like most of our other choices but was a good option. We’d stayed in Paharaganj for the first visit and this is a good place as a base for sites but Karol Bagh is a little nicer if you want a bit more of a calm location. The hotel is on a street just off the main street in Karol Bagh and perfect for the Metro. It’s about 5 mins walk to the station and it’s really easy to use. Only 3 stops to Connaught Place for the shops and western restaurants and a few more to New Delhi train station. Would recommend staying in Paharaganj though if travelling from New Delhi train station next day (if early morning). We got a friendly rickshaw driver to take us to some of the shopping highlights from the Lonely Planet and of course we got persuaded into visiting some carpet shops on the way. Although this maybe many people’s choice of holiday gift it was definitely not ours and if you’re like us to be avoided. All the Government Emporiums and Government run places have very traditional and expensive saris, ornaments and never ending carpets. Delhi (apart from Paharaganj) has markets, bazaars and western shops too so perhaps go there first without the emporiums. The main street in Karol Bagh has lots of market stalls and some western clothes shops worth a visit. There’s not loads of restaurants but a few that you can go in after a hectic day in the city. Rooms as small but clean and have everything you need. The staff are helpful and no problems with anything there.	
Nov 23 2008	decent stay	booked the hotel online via expedia after reading tripadvisor reviews, process was quite simple and painless. was able to confirm via email which was nice since i was in nepal right before, and their website was quite comprehensive. taxi driver tried to drop me off at swati deluxe, and wouldn't go anywhere when i told him i was at the wrong hotel, until the kind doorman at the deluxe was able to inform him otherwise. when i finally arrived, they quickly greeted me with a smile and shuttled me to my room. the room itself was quite small, but with decent decor. requested a king bed, but instead got two tiny twins. aircon was right over both of the beds like 2 feet next to one, which made it impossible to actually use while in either bed. room was right next to elevator and apparently the kitchen, as all i heard all night was the ruckus of the elevator and the kitchen staff washing dishes and chatting all night which was extremely irritating. staff was fairly friendly. bathroom was small, water pressure was okay and water was warm, not hot. overall, a fairly standard, nothing spectacular. i did not get my room made up between my first and second night. an okay place to stay, if your taxi driver can find it.	
Nov 23 2008 	you get what you pay for	Having just come back from there 2 days ago i felt i had to offer some comments.Its cheap and you get what you pay for, the rate we paid got us a room with beds and clean sheets. Beds were uncomfortable because the matress was on a wooden base. Not clearly advertised as such. The shower for the room rate we were paying was not a shower rather fill a bucket up and sponge bath yourself, but the water is hot so i guess that compensates.Its in an amazing location and when my travel companion was sick the hotel was quick to point us to a good hospital so points to them for that.However;We hired a driver from the hotel to take us to the taj mahal, he picked up a guide who was pushy, and then proceeded to do a very subtle tourist trap routine, i.e take us to shops where then guide and the driver get there cut. Very slick operation and very subtle. The comment when i complained on getting back to delhi was &quot;The hotel does not use a guide&quot; hmm sorry but the fact that we booked the tour through the hotel means that they do. Also be aware that the price for the tour is higher than if you booked through a non hotel tourist place. You will not be able to put the tour on your hotel bill you must pay cash. Obviously everyone gets there commission.My other strong criticism is we booked to go to the national museum paying for a driver etc but the driver had to stop twice to ask where the museum was and then when we asked to go to a Pizza Hut for lunch, he had to stop and ask where that was as well, driving past one before finally stopping at one. If I am paying for a driver i think its fair to give people drivers who have some knowledge of their own city. That was quite dissapointing.The custom of everyone expecting tips at the hotel was also dissapointing. Whilst i understand its part of the culture be aware that some of the hotel staff will not leave your room until you give them a tip, ie its mandatory. I was always under the impression that tipping is for good pleasant serviceIn summary, a cheap clean hotel that with a few simple changes could be so much better I think. Its great if you are only there for one or two nights but when staying for a week as I and my companion were it will start to grate on you.I love what i found in India and will be back one day but not to the hotel swati.	
Oct 11 2008	Love the Swati experience	Ok, so it's not a Taj, or an Oberoi or an Intercontinental. It's a decent hotel in the middle of a busy and accessible shopping area. For around $50 a night you get very good food, helpful service, and above adequate (clean) room facilities. The reason I started staying here is purely because I frequnted the hotel's Gujarati/Rajastani restaurant so often when I was in Delhi, it just made sense to stay in the hotel itself. The only problem I have is that because the hotel is located of Ajmel Khan rd, one of the main shopping areas in Delhi, I always end up spending so much on clothes, that it'll probably be cheaper for me to stay at the Hilton! But if you can show some self restraint, its definitely worth it! Seriously, I would stay anywhere else in Delhi	
Sep 27 2008 	Comfortable stay and nice professional staff.	Had a very comfortable stay at this hotel. A/C, large bathroom &amp; shower, cable TV, refrigerator, and a sitting area in the room. Staff was very accomodating and arranged a cab for us to the airport at 0130 am. The restaurant Suruchi was excellent. Good vegetarian food and complimentary buffet breakfast.	
Jul 28 2008 	Great Hotel for The Area	I booked an 'Executive' room in this hotel as a comfortable retreat at the end of a holiday in India - the rate was about 3000 INR (~$75 USD) by the time taxes etc were added - however I was very impressed! Rooms - Cable TV, free wi-fi, in-room safe (very rare for India), aircon, balcony (albeit onto a noisy side street), reliable hot water, complimentary bottled water (with the seals intact!), tea &amp; coffee making kit, nibbles, an evening turn-down service, comfortable bed, complimentary morning newspaper, and free breakfast. Whilst certainly not the Sheraton or Hilton, I would genuinely say that this is on a par, if not better, than many mid-range hotel rooms that I have stayed at in Western cities, and was utter bliss compared to other hotels that I have stayed at in India. Location - Situated down a side street in the middle of Karol Bagh, a large bustling market and shopping precinct, which as a auto-rickshaw driver explained to me, &quot;is where middle class Indians go shopping&quot; - plenty of bargains to find if you're willing to be adventurous and try the non-Western brands. There's western food outlets (McDonalds, Pizza Hut) nearby for those a bit short of willpower, and ATMs (complete with security guard) a short walk away. Delhi's fantastic Metro (it puts most other world metros to shame) is only a ten minute walk, is very easy to use, and most fares are about INR 10 (~$0.25 USD). The neighbourhood is very chaotic and crowded on market days, so maybe not a great choice for your first night in India if you're likely to feel culture shocked - but ideal for someone who has been in the country a few days. Noise - As it's on a side street, and not on the main market itself, the hotel is spared much of the noise and bustle. I didn't really notice much noise at all unless I went onto the balcony - absolutely fine. A great night's peaceful sleep.Service - To be honest, I had very little dealings with the staff, but check in was very efficient. All major cards are accepted, and no mysterious charges appeared on my card statement! The hotel arranged a taxi to the airport for me, which was on time, although the agreed price was INR 350 - INR 100 more than a taxi from booked from a Delhi Police booth - although there are only a handful in the city, so probably a premium worth paying for convenience's sake. Conclusion - highly recommended, definitely go for one of the executive rooms if you can - the service and standard of accommodation is superlative for its location and price point.	
Jan 16 2008 	Serviceable hotel in Karol Bagh	This review is a year old but I have a few tips that might be useful for Hotel Swati patrons.First... there are two Hotel Swatis. Keep this in mind when the cab driver asks where you want to go. There is &quot;Hotel Swati&quot; (where we stayed and the subject of this review) which has the following address:Hotel Swati15 A / 56, W.E.A., Karol Bagh,Opp. Roopak Stores, Ajmal Khan Road,New Delhi - 110005 ( India )website: http://www.hotelswati.com/swati.htmNote: the term &quot;Opp. Roopak Stores&quot; means the hotel is kitty-corner (diagonally opposite) from a store called Roopak. This is part of the address because the street the hotel is on has no name. The hotel does NOT face Ajmal Khan road.Then there is the &quot;Hotel Swati Deluxe&quot;:Hotel Swati Deluxe17 - A / 32, Gurudwara Road , W.E.A. Karol Bagh , New Delhi : - 110005(India) website: http://www.hotelswati.com/swatideluxe.htmBoth are owned and run by the same company so be sure you know which one you're going to. Our cab driver took us to the wrong one first.Anyway - our stay here was adequate. I did not choose the hotel and now that I've read about other New Delhi hotels on TripAdvisor I wish I could have chosen something else. We had no major problems, just a few fustrations here and there.When we first arrived the man at the front desk was a little strange. We asked him if he spoke English. &quot;No&quot; he said. So my husband began speaking to him in Hindi. Suddenly the guy remembered his English. It was odd. He asked to make copies of our passports. This creeped us out but we complied. I don't know if this is standard procedure. If anyone else has had the same experience I'd like to know about it.Our room faced the street and it was very very noisy. I guess this is to be exected in a busy city like New Delhi, and may be true of nearly all hotels there. Do bring some earplugs. The horn honking begins at 6 or 7 in the morning. After a while you can ignore it. Our beds were narrow twin beds with thin mattresses. The bathroom had a western style toilet that took toilet paper. Note: If you are a toilet-paper-user -- go easy on it while in India. That said, you may want to bring some extra for yourself. If you run out of the small roll provided by the hotel you'll have to wait a whole day before it's replenished.There is a very good restaurant attached to the hotel but it is actually next door - not within the hotel itself. It doesn't open for dinner until 7pm. On our first night we got there just as they opened and were a little worried about how empty it was -- until 20 minutes later when it was full to the rafters. Seems like a very popular place with savy tourists. The meals are all thali style with no sharing. But delicious! We also had breakfast there each morning and it was fine. It was a buffet and not bad at all (there is even a toaster!). The staff can be indifferent if you have a special request (the manager was more interested in playing solitare on his laptop than answering a question I had) but just let it go.On our second day we took a hired car to Agra to see the Taj Mahal which was arranged through the hotel. The driver was supposed to be English speaking - but wasn't. Oh well. Still got us to the Taj and back in one piece. Be aware that it is a 5 hour drive and you will be picked up at 6am. It's a loooong day.When we got back from Agra all we wanted to do was order room service and crash in our beds, but when we entered the room the lights wouldn't work. Our room had no electricity, even though the rest of the hotel did. What the heck? Turns out you have to place the metal key ring in a special holder just inside your room door before the electricity will work. Clever. But it would have been nice if they had told us this when we arrived.The neighborhood is crowded but interesting. We didn't feel unsafe once we walked around a bit. I have a video I took of the street that I'll try to upload or link to here if I can.What else...? Oh there is a great metro in Delhi! There is a station within walking distance of the hotel. Ask at the front desk re the Metro. That was something they were quite helpful about.That's all I can remember. Hope this was helpful!	
Apr 14 2007	Worse than Fawlty Towers	I stayed here at the beginning and end of an adventure travel type tour down the Ganges. It cost about $US60 a night. First room I stayed in had blood on the sheets and when I removed the sheets couldsee the mattress was crawling with bed bugs. Went to have a shower but shower head blew off into the side of my face. On way back in a different room the air conditioner caught fire. Actually were flames shooting out of it! Took 15 to 20 minutes to get any of the staff to come and then they send the boy. No fire alarms and no evacuation of course, although they did give us another room!	
Mar 25 2007 	What a relief!	Having come from Mumbai via Goa, we had already had great difficulty finding decent accomadation for a reasonable price. However we were so relieved to arrive at the Hotel Swati and find it was a clean, comfortable hotel with good facilities.Our room was the standard room for 2000rps a night. It was spacious with cable tv, fridge, aircon, in-room safe and comfy beds and pillows. We also discovered that there was free wi-fi internet to all the rooms which really helped us plan the next part of our trip. The restaurant serves excellent veg. Thalis and breakfast is included in the price. There is also 24hr room service.We found the staff to be friendly and helpful but not overbearing like in some places. Like everyone in India they appreciated a tip but did not hound you to hand over money.Karol Bagh is a busy noisy area but we quite enjoyed the amazing market street stalls and shops. The hotel was a little noisy but there doesn't seem to be a Delhi hotel that isn't and when I rang reception to complain about the noise from the next room they took action immediately and the noise stopped.All in all I would definately reccomend this hotel for its security and comfort at an excellent price.	
Jan 14 2007 	Great Hotel	This is a great hotel tucked away in Karol Bagh. Shops, Pizza Hut, Macdonalds etc are a few minutes walk away from hotel.Room: good size (we had the suite which was larger than most)Hot water on tap! (rare for India)Good room/laundry serviceExecllent restuarant with regional vegetarian thali's (we loved the unlimited Gujarti thali @ Rs130) NB if you don't order a thali but a snack item eg french fries - these are unlimited as well!Breakfast - Good buffet choice (the freshly made 'theplas' are a must!)Reliable airport pick-up/drop-off available - just phone in advance - we know and it works! Recommended!	
Jan 14 2009 	Völlig überteuert und laut!		
Nov 25 2008 	Chambre toute petite et sans fenêtre		
