Nov 26 2009 	Not Good	Stayed here for a total of three nights and didn't really have much say on where I stayed as it was booked as part of a package. I couldn't agree more with the second to last reviewer especially with regard to the moth ballsThe bathroom suite was black and the bath itself was peeling and a bit of a safety hazard. The toilet had one of those &quot;sanitized for you convenience&quot; labels on it which was a joke as it was not clean. The shower curtain was filthy. The rest of the room was adequate but I didn't feel it was all that clean.Breakfast was OK.With regards to the new wing mentioned by the previous reviewer, I don't think this is being marketed as part of the Mehar as it looks from the photos in a completely different league.I would chose not to stay here in the future.	
Nov 18 2009 	Thumbs up	I was fortunate to be the very first customer of a new hotel wing associated with the Mehar Castle Hotel (same owner and overlapping management), just starting to operate as the JP Bed &amp; Breakfast Hotel in mid-Nov 09 (web page yet to come). The location is just adjacent to the Mehar Castle, on a side street near Ghaffar Market of Amjal Khan Road, in Karol Bagh. I can only recommend this hotel, which is all new, with relatively generous, classy, ensuite rooms, tiled flooring and modern style furniture with latest appliances (a/c, TV, ceiling fan, fridge, safety lockers, etc…), neat bathrooms etc. It also features a small dining room for customer use and is a very quiet hotel away from street noise. I would rate the room comfort as 3.5-4 stars, with reasonable cost (Rs2,500-3,500 range inc. pick-up and breakfast). The down sides? No power point by the desk (eg. for computer), no outside windows (the price of a quiet room…) and small lobby space. Room decoration was also yet to come. The new hotel staff have been very helpful and efficient, being proud of inaugurating their small new 5 room hotel wing - the food: so far, so very good. So thumbs up from me !	
Nov 3 2009 	sets the bar low	I'm not one to complain much, but as my first hotel in India, this really set the bar low, even though I wasn't expecting a lot. From the green slime covering the shower head, to the rot in the corners of the bathtub, to the mothballs scattered throughout the room, to the infernally noisy air conditioner...i don't know where to start. I'll start with the dead bugs i was picking out of my bed before i went to bed. And the noise that woke me up at 6am...it was daily street noise that felt like it was just on the other side of thin walls. Or maybe I'll start with the bed that felt like a plank of wood covered with a thin blanket? The cold shower is not something i would complain about since I didn't get it at 8 of the 9 hotels I stayed at. The area around the hotel is in the main shopping area of Karol Bagh. It's not the safest area to start out in, but you can get good bargains, and it's close to the metro. They offer free internet but it's really slow. The phone in the room is on a rotary dial system. On the bright side, the room was large, the hard bed turned out to be relatively comfortable, and room service was attentive, if not on the annoying side.	
Oct 22 2009 	an excellent location for stay..	Hotel provides good hospitality..we were provided with a family room which had two double beds..which was perfect for my wife and my two children. Good service,good food..	
Jan 24 2008 	A fairly decent hotel	My wife and I stayed in Room # 208 (Double Deluxe Room at INR 1690/night, as advertised on their web site).Location: within about 5 minutes' walk to Karol Bagh metro station. Plenty of street shops and vendors in the daytime.Quite a spacious room with sitting area, marble floors. Not spotlessly clean maybe, but quite decent. Hard mattresses, aircon working but wouldn't set to heating, though staff provided additional blankets on request. Still, as the draught was coming through the window we had to move our bed to the middle of the room every night and back every morning. Noise protection next to non-existent, so all door bangs and loud conversations in the corridor are heard very clearly, and so is the work in the street.No reading lights.Bathroom has definitely seen better days. There was hot water in the shower, though the pressure was barely adequate.Good staff. Excellent food – probably the best vegetable fried rice we had during our two-week trip.	
