Oct 11 2009 	excellent stay in good price	I have stayed in many hotels in India, Metro Heights was the best of the hotel especially in karol bagh area.The staff is friendly ,the rooms were clean and well decoated with a big L.C.D. Bathrooms were neat and hot water in the showers is available.I have no hasseles in the hotel every time i have stayed here.The price they take is also not exorbitant.	
Aug 27 2009 	unreliable	the hotel provided a very uneven experience al round. Certainly there were some nice touches in the room, such as the beautifully carved bed, but it looked out on the interior service stairwell. The staff who actually did the work were lovely - but the management were dreadful and couldn't have cared less when we arrived back after travelling for 23 hours to find that, even though we were pre-paid, they'd put someone else in our room and we had nowjere to stay! After a huge row they transferred us to a scruffier sister property, closer to the market and with much more pleasant management. The Indian breakfast is great - don't even bother with the European one. I guess it all depends on what you want in a hotel - we're not after 5-star treatment, but some consistency would be a good start.	
May 31 2009 	clean and convenient	We were particularly happy with the convenient and central location Metro Heights had to offer us in delhi near the metro sation connecting to all parts of delhi .We reached Metro Heights at middle of the night and had our confirmed bookin so were checked in and found a decent accommodation in what we had paid ($70 usd).The next morning the buffett breakfast was well laid and was hot and were served eggs to order as well .We decided to continue our stay in the hotel instead of looking for another hotel in the area.The staff was proffessional and friendly.dont expect out of the way service..BUT WE DIDNT REGRET THE DECISION TO STAY AT METRO HEIGHTS.	
Jan 13 2009 	metro height was good value for money and safe	We booked the hotel through the website which looked quite attractive and were promised a pickup from airport.The pickup as promised was there and were taken to the hotel which took about 30 minutes. we were greeted at the reception nicely and were checked in . staright went to the bath room and had nice hot water shower( i was not sure i would get hot water )we were hungry so asked for food and was told that it is available 24 hours.The food took some time to come as we were ttold that it is cooked fresh.Food was not bad.Next morning we went to the restaurant serving breakfast somewhere down it was good set up and decent enough considering it was in the package as complimentary.MOST imp. Part of our stay was that the hotel was clean and safe for family.	
Jun 9 2008 	just about ok	We stayed at the Metro Heights as a part of an organised tour, so we had little info on the hotel beforehand. I wouldn't have booked the hotel if I had had any choice. On the other hand, the hotel wasn't the worst one we stayed in India, but that is not a lot. The room itself was reasonably clean (including the bathroom), and there was enough hot(tish) water, although the bathtub was cracked so that only showering was possible. However, the room (211 if I remember correctly) was quite basic and there was some noise from the street. There were no insects and the linen was clean, but I was also woken up in the middle of the night by an earbreaking buzzing noise when someone pressed the room doorbell for no reason.What I disliked the most was the staff. They were either absolutely indifferent to the needs and requests of their clients to the point of being rude or grovelingly polite in order to get a tip. No real service anywhere: you get things done if you ask, but no effort is made without you asking. The breakfast was a tired-looking buffet and the evening meal that we had there was not special in any way.The Karol Bagh area offers little for the tourist: all the sights and wonders of Delhi are at least a taxi ride away. In Karol Bagh, there is a bazaar and some shops, but overall nothing really interesting. It takes about 30 minutes in a moped-rickshaw to the Red Fort and slightly less to New Delhi (Connaught place).	
May 17 2008 	OK	We stayed at Hotel Metro Heights as part of an 'Intrepid' tour so had little choice in the booking of it. I think because we were part of a tour group we were reserved the worst rooms available!We stayed there at the start and end of our tour, although if we hadnt pre-booked as part of the tour we probably would have chosen not to go back.Our first room didnt have a window which struck us as a bit odd until we discovered that you have to pay extra for a window, even odder, never before had I considered windows as an unessential luxury! Although I guess one benefit of no window was that there were fewer traffic sounds to keep us awake. The second room we stayed in did have a window (after arguing with unhelpful staff) and was cleaner and larger but was next to the first floor office of the hotel so we were kept awake by the phone incessantly ringing and people shouting in the halls.All in all I think Hotel Metro Heights was fine but not great value for money, especially as it is out in Karol Bagh (not particularly central or interesting part of Delhi). The staff were largely unhelpful and the included breakfast left a lot to be desired. Cost approximately RS 2600 which I would say was daylight robbery for the level of service provided. If you shop around I'm sure you could get a lot more for your money.	
Jan 11 2008 	avoid at all cost even when in packagedeal.	This hotel, which offers room for 75 usd, but books through agents for only 20, we found to be a filthy dump. Any basic idea of hygiene is alien to them and on top of that not one staffmember is interested in the guest. Most rooms are mere cupboards with a bed, with no windows. Our first room, 208, was grimy to the hilt. Imagine a fan, black with soot, which splatters the fat dirt around your bathroom when turning. After a row and an intervention from our agent we moved to 106, which they 'cleaned' beforehand. Hot water is mostly off. Linen is dirty, the breakfastroom is disgusting as is the breakfast. We met groups of complaining people at all times of day. No sleep before 12pm, for the hotel is situated in the midst of the wholesale autotrade, hotelstaff starts banging around at 0530. Staff-sideentrance is open at all times, so no security at all on all floors.	
Dec 11 2007	Reception staff are awful	This must have the worst reception staff ever. You could have up to 7 behind the counter (doing nothing) and yet it seems too much trouble to even acknowledge that a customer is waiting to ask a question.The hotel rooms appear dark and uninviting. There are many hotels in Karol Bagh so just go to one of the others and check out the rooms. Avoid this place if possible.	
Dec 8 2007 	Returned later in trip and walked out.	We had stayed here earlier in our trip. At that time we were given the promised room, number 111. However we were showed two new rooms this time as 111 was taken. The two new rooms were bad compared to 111. One room had the smell of sewage. The front desk could not find us a comfortable room. The front desk again refused to provide air conditioning. We were disappointed in the take it or leave it attitude which is becoming more prevalent in New Delhi with the paucity of hotel rooms. We chose not to support this behavior by staying here again, and we moved next door to the Hotel Singh Sahib.	
Dec 3 2007 	Terrible	Looks O.K at the main desk, but rooms are very average.We had to stay here twice, at the start of our trip and at the end a few weeks later, as it was already pre-booked.23 days in India at various hotels, but this was the worst.Hotel staff are unfriendly, and un co-operative, especially towards females.Only stay here if you must or if it is part of you tour package.	
Nov 29 2007	not metro heights	Metro Heights.The ambience of a budget hotel but not a price to match.We walked into the foyer and thought this place looks ok, and that was as good as it got. Our room had water marks on the wall. The timber door frame in the bathroom was rotten and the air conditioner hardly worked.The day staff on the counter delivered a service that was akin to that of Faulty Towers where any request was received as an inconvenience. We asked for clean towels which arrived after 90 minutes and an additional request. A Request for an extra bed in the room took a couple of hours.  To actually get the attention of the staff was an exercise in patience where we had to wait for them to stop watching the telly in the lobby or to stop chatting to their friends who would often drop by for a social visit. The location in Carolbahg is now in the middle of a car services area where every second shop seems to specialise in car speakers or window tinting. The meals were OK. We had a couple of breakfasts and a dinner which weren't overly expensive.  The table cloths looked like the same ones that were on the table after we retuned from a fifteen day tour.	
Oct 27 2007	If you can afford book another hotel	Metro Heights is sort of best-you-can-get in the lower price range (up to $ 75) in Delhi. It is simple, has dark rooms (the one we had did not even have windows) and especially on the ground floor you hear a lot of noise from the reception. Beds are ok but short, bathroom is clean but nothing fancy. This is a hotel for just sleeping, not to spent time there. Breakfast consist of a number of hot Indian dishes, toast and coffee/tea. A number of Dutch travel groups use the hotel, I think because they can't find anything better in that price range too.	
Jan 17 2007	Poor service at the Metro	The Hotel Metro Heights, in Karolbagh, Delhi was our base in Delhi during our 3 week trip to India. This was my first trip to India, although my wife and her parents, whom we were travelling with, had visited before, so I kind of knew not to expect too much.The hotel itself is in a dusty busy side street some 15 minutes, by autorickshaw, from Connaught Place. It's within walking distance of the Karolbagh shopping areas, which is a bonus if you are into shopping.The rooms are okay. We stayed in three different rooms, on three different occassions as we were travelling and staying in other towns as well. The hotel kindly and safely kept a large number of our luggage that we did not require while travelling. The quality of the rooms vary. Some do not have bath tubs, while some do. Some are smaller than others. Generally the bathrooms and rooms are clean and tidy if not of the best quality.The problems:1) If you do not hand your key in when going out in the morning your room does not get made up!2) We were given damp pillow cases and towels the one night. The excuse being that due to it being winter, laundry does not dry!3) Breakfasts are appalling and is served in a dinghy basement that does not really encourage you to eat. We had requested a packed breakfast for one early morning start. Instead the hotel insisted that they would have a hot breakfast ready for us. This did not happen and we ended up eating just bread and a boiled egg.4) The overall service is just poor and they have to be pushed real hard to get anything done.5) Warm water is not hot water, a concept that this hotel just did not understand.6) The rooms can be quite noisy given it's location, there is a flyover quite close by. The staff are also noisy during their shift changes. They are also renovating some rooms and have a tendency to work till quite late unless you shout at the the night clerk.Stay here if you must but skip the breakfasts and be prepared for poor service.	
Dec 3 2006 	Good place to stay in Karol Bagh	The hotel is decently priced and closer to the main shopping strip in Karol Bagh; however, being a few blocks away ensures that the road noise is minimal.The Suites are around $75 including breakfast and are quite large. The service has been better than other hotels and when the internet access was not working, they called someone in on a Sunday to check it out.I would stay here again.	
Nov 26 2005	cheap and good for a night	We chose this place to be near the train station as we flew in at midnight and needed to catch a 7am train.the room was small but he A/c worked and the twin beds were clean and not too hard. The shower was not totally clean, but for our 5 hours, it was fine. Only problem was that we couldn't find the hallway lightswitch and it was dark trying to leave the hotel!Can't comment on the veiws or location, as we were too tired and it was our first night in India.Paid $40 for the double.	
Apr 10 2009	Dunkelkammer		
Feb 5 2006	Buen hotel para una corta estancia		
