Aug 7 2009 	Well kept place but far from action (other then Baha'i temple)	Despite the poor reviews this place is overall a very decent place to stay in Delhi. They cater more to business travelers, but can also take good care of regular tourists. THe breakfast is nice and the rooms are well kept, clean, up to date, and comfortable. The room service is tasty but not cheap.	
May 4 2009 	PMP Training	Recently, i joined a course of PMP Training, tpo be provided by Evayaa Gnosis. that was a 4 day training from 9:00AM to 6:00 PM. I had a bad experience of this hotel.Services and food quality are poor. Even, when you know in your hotel there is some training, you shoulld not disturb the conference room. but there construction/ modification work was going on.THAK.. THAK .. (very much sound.. Terrible)even after aksing to the manager too many times he did not stopped the work. while after 6:00 PM if calss is running upto 7 PM then they are worried and disturb the class, like please vacate the place as your time is over.So their behaviour was so rude..this is not the hotel to go for any stay or conferenec or training...please avoide	
Mar 18 2009 	UNPROFESSIONAL NOT RECOMMENDED	We booked a few rooms for our clients in January 2009. We canceled one room 4 days prior to arrivals and requested for our money back. The General Manager through his mails confirmed that the refunds would be sent back in 7 days. We are still waiting for refunds and there seems no possibility that our Money is coming back. Absolutely Unprofessional, Rude and Selfish Management!!	
Feb 23 2009 	Avoid !!	1. Upon arrival we discovered that the magnetic card machine was out of order and had to be taken to our rooms using the master card key. This was an inconvenience.2. The main passenger lift was mostly out of order during our stay. This was a major inconvenience.3. The stair well was ill lit.4. Front desk staff will guide you towards rent a car's at four times the fare, rather than advising on where to find a taxi. 5. Bathrooms are too small and the shower stalls are badly, almost dangerously, designed; which allows water to stream out and make the whole bathroom wet and slippery.6. They don't check their emails very often, so don't ask your office to forward any messages to them. They do check their fax machine, but good luck sending a fax to India. 7. You'll be cheated on the money exchange rates. Any 5 star hotel's change counter will give you a rate over 10% better. 8. The hotel has not replied to my written comments.	
Feb 20 2009 	Good value good location	I find international business hotels in India to be outrageously priced for what you get. The Muse is a reasonably priced alternative in a good location. The rooms are modern and clean. Breakfast and Wifi are complimentary. On the whole the staff and friendly and helpful. Yes, it doesn't have the facilities of an international hotel and the finish can sometimes be slightly rough on the edges... but for quick business trips it is fine. I will stay here again on my next trip to India.	
Dec 9 2008 	Perfect for a short and comfortable stay in Delhi	We stayed in the Muse for one night as part of our tour of India. I had previously been to India 10 years ago and I was really apprehensive of my stay. The Muse was the first hotel we stayed in as part of our Golden Triangle tour and I was worried for no reason.The hotel is very modern for Indian standards and it looks more like a boutique hotel I would find in Europe, I have to say I was impressed.Upon reaching the hotel, the doorman opened the door for us which was a pleasant surprise, we were taken to the coffee shop and offered cold drinks whilst we were checked in.We had a triple room and it was spacious for all of us and our bags. The bed was one of the most comfortable we have had in India and the shower was divine. The only thing I would mention and this is probably for the ladies, there is no mirror next to a power point, so this made straightening my hair a bit of a challenge. This is a minor point though, overall i thought the hotel was fantasitc value and good base to see Delhi from.	
Nov 12 2008 	Muse: a credible alternative to pricey hotels	I stayed recently at the Muse. Very modern. Courteous staff. Efficient front desk. Free wifi and breakfast. About 16-18 kms from the airport in Nehru Place. It may be a bit far out if you are traveling to Lodhi Road or its neighbourhood but if you plan the day it is a minor inconvenience. The room that I stayed had a king bed. It was spacious, delightfully clean, no murky smelling carpet, with plentiful lights, flat TV, in room safe and plasma TV. Was there a refrigerator&gt; I am not sure. The bathroom has a great shower area (I felt relieved it did not have a tub), speckless marble walls and floor. The room looked and felt better than most renovated 5***** hotels in New Delhi. Beware though that those who only stay in those hotels may not feel pleased to stay here, but those who are looking for short stays, in an exceptionally clean and comfortable room will find this a deal. You can reach the hotel directly via email reservation @musedelhi.com or through their website.	
