Nov 3 2009 	Don't Do It	After having been impressed at all other Shangri-La's, this hotel really let us down. The worst part of our stay was the check-out process. We booked the IHGF rate in advance that is arranged through the EPCH who organize this fair. They confirmed in writing it was $6500 + $1300 tax per night. Upon checkout the tax had gone up to $1700. Over several nights this adds up. Their first explanation was that the tax rate had changed during our stay. The story then quickly changed to the fact that we had actually been upgraded without knowing and that the tax on the upgraded room was different. They refused to credit us the difference. We were also charged for several mini bar items that we did not consume and items that were consumed had different pricing than shown in the room. When we questioned this they just shrugged their shoulders. We refused to sign the credit card slip until it had been adjusted. We waited 45 minutes for a manager to arrive, but had to leave or we were going to miss our flight. We received our visa statement today and they put through the whole amount without a signature. I would think perhaps this was an isolated mistake, but at the same time there were two other couples disputing the room charges that had been put through. All three of us had the emails confirming the rates, but they couldn't even be bothered to look at them. Other beefs - The rooms are definitely not Shangri-La level. I think this is due to the fact that it was taken over by them in the recent past. They wanted to charge us a full nights rate for checking in 2 hours before their allowed 8am check-in although they repeatedly told us that there were many rooms available. They eventually gave in to half, but it required much debate. This is not how you should be treating customers that will inevitably be spending much more on wine and food then the rooms themselves. You can see from our many other reviews that we are generally quite satisfied by most hotels, but this one was honestly a rash.	
Oct 27 2009 	Calm efficient 5 star in busy Delhi	We stayed at the beginning and end of our trip to India; on arrival 2 nights in a premium room and 3 nights prior to departure in a deluxe Horizon Club room.The hotel is run as a business rather than tourist hotel and the break from elaborate welcomes and an emphasis on quiet efficiency was just what we wanted. It also meant the tourist type facilities, such as spa, pool, gym were not busy.Airport transfers were efficient. Both rooms were comfortable although the Horizon Club room had much quieter air-con. Both had good beds, crisp linen and sparkling clean bathrooms.The pool area is a very pleasant haven from the city – just lie back and listen to the incessant car horns! The spa treatments were good, again with an emphasis on delivering a quality product rather than creating a mystical experience, which suited us fine.A previous reviewer mentions views of traffic; probably inevitable in a tower hotel in the centre of a city dominated by traffic. We found the view of the traffic jams quite relaxing as we gazed down on them from the 19th floor enjoying our free drinks in the Horizon Club.We found the breakfast and service good and the position in New Delhi very convenient. We have no complaints and our stay was as good as we expected; just what we wanted at the beginning and end of our holiday.	
Oct 19 2009 	Good location	The location is very good, you can walk to the Patel Chouk metro stop which is about 200m away.Check in was very efficient as was the daily housekeeping service. There is reassuring security at the gate.The concierge service was excellent - they booked us train tickets to Agra which were waiting for us when we arrived. Taxis arrive within a few minutes of being called.The room was fine - quite large with a seating area; bathroom had good quality toiletries and a nice shower. Bed was comfortable.Breakfast buffet was excellent - a good selection; likewise at dinner.The hotel has well kept gardens and a great pool (not enough loungers though).I paid INR 8,900 which I regard asquite expensive but was still better value than some other central 5* hotels in Delhi.	
Oct 19 2009 	Solitude from the intensity of New Delhi	Behind the gates of the Shangri-La there is solitude, well almost, from the buzz, horns and utter chaos of New Delhi. The hotel has a good location overlooking some of the monumental historic buildings and parkways of Delhi. Its a tower block, operated under a Shangri-La franchise. Inside the rooms are spacious and as you would expect from Shangri-La, with an air of needing refreshing and updating. The public rooms and bars downstairs are in perfect order with good access to the well loved gardens. The food is excellent all round and service generally good - but some lack of attention and unfullfilled promises by behind the counter staff at carvery on a couple of occasions. Fine wines (pricey of course) and fine service in the Executive Lounge with attentive staff with great views from the top of the building. With the current more than usual chaos as roads are being carved up for the new metro and Commonwealth Games I recommend you insist on leaving the hotel an additional hour before the time you had in mind to get to the airport. Thanks to the staff and management for their welcome. Its a place I feel confident to recommend.	
Oct 14 2009 	The Shangri-Blah: A Complete Rip Off	Why pay $300 a night for a hotel which offers mediocre service, cramped rooms, subpar dinners and lunches, and views of roads and traffic? I chose this hotel for our last two nights in Delhi as a splurge, and was sorely disappointed. In other hotels (cheaper, and much nicer), we were greeted with drinks, warm welcomes... but at the Shangri-La, no such thing. The hotel is a large chain hotel that is relying on the laurels of its name, not its reality. To make matters worse, we missed a connecting flight and had to change our itinerary, but the hotel would not refund us the one night that we couldn't make it, nor did they offer upgrades, or meals (or even apologies!) to make up for the $300 we lost. We will never stay in a Shangri-La again.	
Jun 25 2009 	Sanctuary from the hustle and bustle	After a full day of wandering around Delhi, it is a pleasure to walk into the beautiful and highly air conditioned lobby of the Shangri La. The flowers in the lobby are amazing! The staff is great, security is very tight and the rooms are spaceous and clean. Internet was complementary in the rooms which is a perk too. The breakfast buffet is varied and delicious, particularly the exotic fruits. There is a funny peep window in the shower that my husband found amuzing, but they do provide a curtain for privacy, so its more a quirk than a complaint. Oh, and they sent me cake and flowers on my birthday! Overall, a great choice!	
Jun 22 2009 	Used the Pool and Health Facilities while in Transit One Day -- Treated like I was a 5 star Customer	I paid to use the hotel pool and spa (about $10 on weekdays; $20 on weekends) for the day because I had 12 hours of transit through Delhi. As a frequent traveler, I've done this in other cities but it always causes a hassle and is often not worth it. It's also really hard to find a hotel that allows you to do this in Delhi. The service at the Shangri-La was impeccable however, even though I was only a day-use customer. They were incredibly helpful and welcoming. The pool and health facilities were all you could ask for, with the spa, sauna, relaxation room, and jacuzzi all particularly wonderful for a passing traveler. Will definitely stay here the next time I pass through Delhi for real.	
Jun 20 2009 	perfect hotel	this hotel is another excellent property. the location in delhi is unbeatable and the landscaping outside the hotel is great. the hotel itself has a chic style which is associated with the shangri-la group. stayed there for 3 days and got a free upgrade. avoid booking car through the hotels they overcharge but if u wanna travel in style the use their bmw's. the rooms are perfect. nothing to complain.	
Jun 17 2009	Amazing hotel	This is a great luxury hotel. They pamper you. I was very impressed with the service. I am very selective when it comes to sushi, the Japanese restaurant was decent (not the best).	
Jun 14 2009 	Fantastic stay at the Shangri La	Had a fantastic stay at the Shangri La. Hotel is spotless, Food- excellent, Surroundings lovely, Was very hot whilst our stay their at least in the 40's. Very polite staff, you must also check out the Shangri La spa also, the treatments are fantastic. The Cafe Uno 2 go does some of the best cakes I have tasted and not over priced either. You are made to feel very welcome and nothing is to much trouble. Was greeted on arrival at the airport with a lovely car, check in superb, we ordered room service at 2am which wasn't any trouble at all. Free internet access. Would love to visit the Shangri la again.	
Jun 11 2009 	Great service levels with the corporate customers.	The hotel is great with highly professional services. Location wise proably the best of all. One place where you can do business meeting and also relax.	
Jun 10 2009 	Great place to stay in Delhi	The hotel comes with all the trappings of a 5star hotel - excellent service &amp; facilities. I was on a buiness visit and so only spent the night at the hotel. The rates seem to be high but if you can afford it, it is one of the best places to stay in Delhi.	
Jun 9 2009 	marvelous food room and service	The room was outstanding. The food was simply stunningly marvelous--I could live there! The service was amazing.I can understand why the price is so high--they have so many people standing around.	
Jun 9 2009 	Loved the Room with aView	The hotel is well renowned for its services and attention to guests. The swimming pool is the best maintained with an emergency trainer available round the clock. The Spa and massage facilitie are the best in their class. The rooms are so well designed that each has a balcony overlooking the landmark INDIA GATE and the Raj Path. The early morning jog in this place makes you ooze with energy and the spirit in you soars to achieve more right through the day. The Business Centre is amongst the most well equipped in the National Capital Region and the variety of food on offer here is exquisite and the taste impeccable. The chef's remember even the quantum of heat to be applied to say a saute` or the sauce to accompany a salad made with fresh himalayan vegetables and fine virgin olive oil. The cabs and drivers in service are the smoothest drivers in Delhi despite the chaos that prevails in the Capital City.Thanks Shangri La for the memorable stay during PrintPack India Exhibition in Pragati Maidan.	
Jun 9 2009 	Convenient 	Shangri-la is conveniently located within reach of all the business,shopping financial and Govt establishments. The Hotel is comfortable, provides prompt service, has all the expected standard facilities of a 5 star hotel. Their restaurants have excellent ambiance and good food. A pleasure to stay.	
Jun 2 2009 	Fantastic Place!	Fantastic and a world class place. Excellent room with a nice comfotable bed. You'll actually feel like a prince when you stay here.Luxury comes at a cost so if you have weak heart then don't pick the in room dinning menu	
May 23 2009 	Elegant Comfort	This hotel always make me feel, something is extra and unique, may be its services. Initially I was not very much aware of it; eventually I fall in love with their services and comfort. After work it is very relaxing and comfortable. Their food is really good in town. It starts from the pick-up from airport till I drop finally at airport for departure; they are always ready to serve you the most. I asked for in room safety box service, because the previous guest left it locked. Within minute service made me really glad. Restaurant, Swimming Pool, Concierge and room comfort are really good and healthy. I always recommend my friends to stay there for the luxurious comfort in town.	
May 13 2009 	luxurious room	This hotel is classy all over and you can tell the moment you arrive at the heavily secured gates. The first thing you see is a Rolls Royce car showroom.The lobby is warm, sumptuous and attractive with very slick and seamless check-in in our room. The room was very well appointed with bathtub view of the whole room and very tasteful, yet functional furnishings.The only minus point is the expensive coffee shop. Buffet dinner is Rs 1,600 plus plus (12.5% luxury tax etc.).	
May 10 2009	Amaazing place to stay if you can afford it	Amazing place to stay in Delhi, ie if you can afford it. I stayed in a room with a breathtaking view of the India Gate. A hotel with very comfortable interiors and very good service, they serve a good variety of Indian delicacies as well - good place to take your client / business associate who is traveling to Delhi.	
May 10 2009	amazing food	brilliant place to stay in delhi near business district	
May 10 2009 	Luxury in convenient location	Located right in the heart of South Delhi, just next to Connaught Place, this was a government run hotel. Under new private management of the Shangri-La group of hotels, it has completely transformed! All the amenities of a good 5 star hotel plus the great location make it THE place to stay when in Delhi. Food could see some more variety but other than that, I would give this hotel full marks. After all, great food is right outside your door step in CP! Otherwise, excellent ambience and service, lovely rooms. The hotel is not cheap and understandably so. Therefore, not for the budget traveller.	
May 7 2009 	There are better hotels available	Compared to other hotels in the same grade and price, this would be low in my list. It is about time that the owner starts to renovate the rooms.	
May 7 2009	excellent trip and stay	excellent hotel for 1st time visitors... well situatued in heart of city	
May 4 2009 	Great rooms and food	Very good service in the Club floor. Good, high quality spacious room. Good food - probably the best beef steaks you can get in Delhi.	
May 1 2009 	Quality	Amazing place for fun and Business. Round the clock food. Nice and Clean rooms with good A++ Serivce.	
Apr 21 2009 	Loved the Bar and View from 19th Floor	This hotel is a fantastic one, close to the Goverment Offices, Nehru Place, Pragati Maidan, etc. Nice in-room services, bar, range, breakfast (abt 70+ items), buffet lunch (abt 100+ items), buffet dinner (120+ items), pool side launge, coffee bar and a small garden. I wanted to try the spa, but was short of time. Next time, I am surely going to try that one as well..!!Enjoy..	
Apr 21 2009 	Loved the location	The hotel is well located at the heart of the city close to India Gate and the interiors of the hotel are extremely well done. Excellent hotel for a couple who can afford to spend.	
Apr 21 2009 	Excellent Business Stay	HiI was visiting Delhi on a business trip for 3 days when i checked into this hotel.I must say that this is one of my best stays in delhi.The checkin was smooth.The stuff was ever smiling and extremely hospitable and caring.Those 3 days I stayed with them seemed like i stayed with family.The rooms are spacious and clean.The room services are just excelllent.The stuff is very courteous too.	
Apr 16 2009 	Consistently superior service	A welcome relief to stay here in central delhi - completely international and efficient. Friendly and super efficient right from check-in to check out every time without fail.	
Apr 4 2009 	Warm welcome in a beautiful hotel	The staff at the hotel is very friendly. Rooms are very comfortable. I felt very at home here! Pool could be cleaner.	
Feb 17 2009 	Shangri-La tea time	We did not stay at this hotel, but we went in there for late night coffee and spend 3 hours. Our flight was 5am so we stayed there 11pm to 2am. This the best and safest place around Janpath and Connaugh Place to be at that hour.The lobby bar is closed at 11pm. But their coffee shop which is the main restaurant as well open 24 hours. Good service. They had an open buffet which was closed when we arrived at 11pm. The food was still there, they had a large dessert open buffet which we weren't allowed to purchase anything at all. They told us, they can not serve us from that buffet and these food will go garbage!! Nonsense. We had lemon cheesecake which wasn't good due unfortunatly India not being able to produce good cheese. I had a chochlate tart and rose tea which was great!They won't exchange usd if you are not staying in their hotels.The service was good. Our driver was directed to a parking lot. He waited for us in the car. Very clean and fancy looking hotel.Overall it was nice but Indian operations side of the business was lowering their standart.	
Feb 5 2009 	dissappointment	We stayed at the Shangri-La over Christmas and although we loved the snazzy room we found the atmosphere a rather cold and impersonal. The service wasn't stellar either. On arrival the porter brought us the wrong suitcase and just laughed it off and told us not to worry. Later we sat in the almost empty lobby cafe for at least 30 minutes before eventually having to get up to request menus. The staff seemed embarassed only after she realised we were guests. Room service was excellent but again the service was slow. These kind of things just shouldn't happen in a 5 star hotel. We went to stay at Shangi-La on our way back through Delhi less than 2 weeks later and found that they'd raised the nightly rates by almost 25%. Strange considering the times. We ended up choosing LaLit for our last few nights in Delhi and much preferred it. Way better experience &amp; way better value.	
Jan 26 2009	Overpriced	I chose this hotel as I had stayed in the Shanrilas in Thailand, Malayasia and Dubai. However the standard was completely different. The security was, as a previous reviewer wrote, heavy handed. Getting in or out of the hotel was an ordeal. However my main gripe was the value for money. The reception staff were discourteous and everthing seemed to be a burden for them; the conceirge staff told me that I shouldn't take a local taxi to a resteraunt one evening as it was not safe. They pressurised us to use their car which turned out to be 20 times the normal taxi fare. The new years eve meal was around $400. I am sure there is better value elsewhere in Delhi and I could not recommend this hotel.	
Jan 23 2009 	PoorValue for Money not a five star in reality!!!!	Prior to arriving here other travellers we met on the Dehli Circuit told us it was a poor show compaired to a Taj stay!!! How right they were!!! The room was far from pristine, lots of dust, some glass marks, stained furnishing, that type of thing!! However bedding fine but still!!! Horrible security check really aggressive felt like the help not guests!! Dinner the most expensive in Dehli but tasted very average. Service poor apart from one lovely server, which is pretty bad when you consider we spent two days there! You only got attention from waiting staff if you are one of those demanding aggressive types!! Premium added onto the drinks, which your not advised about till you get the bill!! Save your money and DONT PAY 5 STAR PRICE FOR A VERY DULL 3 STAR!!!	
Dec 28 2008 	Mediocre Shangri-la	Stayed 4 nights at this Hotel.Noisy on the Floors.Small Horizon Club Rooms.Good in the Horizon Club Lounge,but poor selection for BF and Cocktail Hour.Not a Shangri-la asn in other cities in Asia.Had much better experience in India with Taj or Oberoi.	
Dec 2 2008 	Superb Hotel - Excellent standards	From the very first minute our stay in the Shangri-La was absolutely superb.The bedrooms are exceptionally clean, beautifully decorated &amp; extremely comfortable. We ate in two of the restaurants. Firstly lunch outside was superb &amp; then Dinner in the second floor Thai/Chinese/Japanese restaurant was sublime. They have three individual open kitchens &amp; you can choose from any three of the menus. We tried food off each menu &amp; they were all excellent.All in all a fantastic Hotel and I would recommend it to anyone.	
Nov 19 2008	Not bad	The Shangri La is a fairly nice hotel. I stayed there two different times for three nights total and both rooms were excellent. Good beds, nice bathrooms, no major complaints. The buffet breakfast was adequate. Nowhere near as good as the other Shangri Las that I've stayed, but it's India so the selection won't compare to other places. The service was decent at both breakfast and dinner. My major complaint: nickel and diming. We're already paying over $450/night for the room. Is it really necessary to charge excessive fees for airport transport, as another reviewer noted? Or $20+ a day for internet? That's the second highest rate I've found anywhere in the world, and the $20 wasn't per room - it was per computer. We had two computers and, after talking to the business center, determined that if we tried to switch the ethernet connection between the two to download emails, we would be charged twice - $40 per day! Ridiculous. Come on Shangri La, for $450/night you can throw in the internet for free.Would I stay here again? Maybe. But only for a much better rate.	
Nov 10 2008 	good option	I stayed two separate nights here and chose this expensive option so I would have somewhere nice to stay before leaving at midnight for a flight. I enjoyed my stay here as I wanted to relax near the pool for last day of three week trip. The pool is good and has gardens nearby so feels quite relaxed - like all of delhi you can still hear the forever trafic noises and also building nearby, so headphones were handy! The rooms were very quiet though with very comfy beds. I thought the rooms were a good standard and room service worked well. Like the last reviewer I also found the service very strange for an expensive hotel. I was served warm drinks at the pool, given the bill to sign five times while mid mouthful at breakfast, yet found it impossible to get a coffee from anyone. The evening buffet looked great but wasn't the tastiest food and again service was very haphazard. I also found the reception and coffee area absolutely freezing and the bar on a friday night was as loud as a nightclub with the music pounding around the whole reception area and competing with the other reception music. Even though the service was bizarre, I would still recommend this hotel and would return here as the rooms were good, quiet and pool area relaxing. I also stayed at the metropolitan and if a pool is important to you the shangri-la is much nicer as metrop pool is in a concrete setting and seemed to be only used by pigeons.	
Nov 5 2008 	Stay Elsewhere	I recently stayed at the Shangri-La and wish that I had stayed elsewhere. The reception desk was aloof, unfriendly and slow. One minute they bow to you obsequiously at the door (which makes me uncomfortable), and the next minute they smugly and unsmilingly check you in at the desk. Why the attitude? I have no idea - perhaps due to some misguided notion of what a luxury hotel is! Also, the service at the restaurants was incredibly slow and ineffective. The servers will look at you and smile in response to your requests, leaving you thinking that they understand what you are asking for. Of course, they don't and you end up having to ask three servers for the same thing. We had an average dinner at 19 Oriental Avenue (overhyped, to be sure), but the service (or lack thereof) infuriated me. After we were seated and served our appetizers, the waiters apparently forgot we were there. We sat in front of our empty soup bowls for almost half an hour and did not get our entrees until over an hour after we had been seated. They treated us to dessert as an apology, but I don't want free dessert - just give me halfway decent service! We also had a heck of a time getting a simple pot of fresh-brewed tea at breakfast, because they have tea sitting around in coffee carafes on a shelf rather than taking the minimal effort required to provide its patrons with a fresh pot every time. One morning, I discovered a lipstick smudge on the rim of my teacup. When asked for a clean cup, they gave me one - which later had to be replaced because they served me that stale tea. My third teacup, which arrived before I finally got a fresh pot of tea, also (you guessed it) was stained with someone's lipstick! Argh - four tries for a cup of tea! My room was small and smelled of mildew . . . and the shower drain did not work, so the shower water flooded over the inch-high divider of the shower stall (no bathtub!) and soaked the floor of the entire bathroom. For some reason, they inundate guests will all sorts of local periodicals, which creates a mess.In addition, the &quot;contemporary&quot; style of the hotel lobby is cheesy and somehow smacks of the 80s, and the place is FREEZING cold. Oh, yes, and the concierge service was a joke. We had the concierge book tickets on a train. Later, when we had to cancel the tickets, we could not get our money back before checking out because the concierge who booked our tickets used a log-in that his colleagues did not have. Ridiculous. On the plus side, the business center was functional, room service was prompt, and our room seemed clean (if musty-smelling). Overall, no one used to staying at true luxury hotels should choose this hotel. If you typically stay at Four Seasons hotels (or at the Oberoi hotels in Asia), for example, you will find the service here as laughable as we did. Our stay did not meet expectations. And if you are just looking for a clean Delhi hotel with solid service and amenities, well, you could find that at many of the large international chain hotels in Delhi without paying nearly as much as the Shangri-La charges. I can't imagine any type of customer who would be better off staying at the Shangri-La then elsewhere. We will not be returning!	
Oct 26 2008 	5 star as it should be	Really enjoyed our stay here although it is quite expensive. Happily were were upgraded to the horizon exec floor with access to the lounge for snacks &amp; drinks in the evening (we didn't need to go out for dinner b/c the snacks were so comprensive as was the champagne ;)The breakfast was unbelievable - so much choice. Staff good if a bit robotic. The pool was great although can get quite congested at around lunchtime and there never seemed to be enough loungers so get there early! Didn't use the spa itself but the changing area / showers / sauna etc were amazing. Staff there were really unfriendly there though. DON'T order an airport taxi from the hotel - they charge a staggering 2,700 rp for a standard a/c car when you can get a standard taxi for 300!!!!Staff seem to expect tips for everything and I got the feeling they expected 5* tips rather than the standard 20rp that is the norm for India! Rooms were lovely, bathroom great - loved all the L'Occitane toiletries!	
Oct 10 2008 	Just OK	For the extortionate cost the Shangri La is comfortable but not outstanding. Compact bathrooms, bathwater warm, not hot, random hairs left in bathroom. Good room service.Island bar unwelcoming decor (cant read drinks menu due to blue lighting had to ask for torch!). A number of wines we requested not available. Pretty empty, mostly lone male guests nursing drinks. The Oberoi 360 bar and restaurant is far more vibrant and buzzing (and they know how to make a cocktail).Cafe ok, buffet ok. Good Pizza. Would be boring to eat there more than one night.	
Sep 14 2008 	Perfect!	Just from the time you enter the hotel, its fantastic, the people at reception greet you well, the rooms are great and modern, resturant is also good. location is central, and also away from the noises.All in all one of the best hotels i have stayed in India. would definately stay here when i visit Delhi again.	
Sep 6 2008 	Outstanding Hotel	The Shangri La provides precisely what you would expect from a leading hotel in the category: Luxury accommodation and absolutely first-rate service.It is when we asked for more, however, that the Shangri La really came into it's own. Nothing was too much trouble for the desk staff (from us, desperate to wash away the dust of the Punjab and requesting to be checked in from the bar, to arranging a car to the airport at the last minute). The rooms are small, but well appointed and well maintained. Bars and restaurants are world-class, and the wine list (personally selected by the vinophile GM Andrew Steele) is probably the best in India.In a city where quality and price do not always carry the relationship that one would anticipate, the Shangri La is a very safe choice.	
Aug 20 2008 	Mostly Cripple Friendly	Note: I am a c5 tetraplegic with c6/c7 functionality. I use a manual wheelchair. My reviews are made from this perspective.I stayed at the Shangri-La Delhi for two nights, five days apart. It is a lovely five-star hotel. The disabled access room had a nice wheel-in shower. There was no shower chair (either temporary or fold-down) so I had to phone reception to arrange something. The best they could do was a plastic school chair, complete with attached mini table (which was handy for sitting the shampoo within reach but made transfers in and out a bit trickier than was strictly necessary). The chair was adequate but I would have expected a slightly better solution – surely I’m not the first wheelchair user that has wanted a shower!There were lots of grab rails in the bathroom in sensible places.The most disappointing aspect of my stays was having to make three phone calls and wait 45mins to get the staff to bring back my little red school chair on my second visit, five days later. The wardrobe coat hangers were at standard height. Other than those minor quibbles, the hotel was excellent. Easily manageable for a solo wheelchair user.The only meal I ate in the hotel was breakfast, which was great.	
Aug 2 2008 	Wonderful!	Fantastic hotel, a bit expensive, but it's great if arriving late at night and just want a really nice comfortable place to kickstart your holiday!The breakfast buffet was awesome, the food in the roomservice was wonderful and everything was just pure class!Very nice and professional staff..	
Jul 27 2008 	Good business hotel	We struggled choosing this hotel among several New Delhi options. We are Shangri-La Horizon frequent stay cardholders, so ended up choosing this one for that reason, since it seemed similar to other options.We stayed on a Club floor, and used the Club lounge several times for drinks, snacks and breakfast. The Club lounge has excellent views and since we were here for tourism, we were spending a lot of time walking...and this was a comfortable &quot;home&quot; to arrive at after getting tired of walking.The rooms are fairly neutral...similar to what you would expect from any international chain hotel, but that is typically the case with Shangri-La. Since we spent the previous part of our trip staying in hotels that were unique in experience, this was a bit of a let down, and in retrospect, we should have searched for a hotel that was more unique to experience the country and culture.As usual in Shangri-La, the buffet lunch/dinner is an outstanding combination of local and international cuisines...and a major reason why we like Shangri-La hotels.	
Jun 24 2008	Expensive stay	I was offered to stay at the shangrila by my company .The room was big.The buffet was continental.The bar at the hotel was excellent one of the best to unwind urself.The hotel was good and the service excellent.I wouldnt stay if i was on my own the price is just too high for an asian hotel.cheers,	
Jun 17 2008 	Met the expectations we had when booking	Overall, we were pleased with the hotel. The lobby is impressive and nicely decorated. We ate dinner at the restaurant and had breakfast three times there. I was pleased with the food, the service was just ok. We found the staff in the lobby cafe to be great, very enthusiastic to help and friendly.Our downside to our stay was the manager who we dealt with when we were checking out. There was a mis-calculation on our bill and we brought it up with him and his staff. His arrogance and lack of customer service will seriously be the death of this hotel unless the Shangrila does some better human resource management. This individual gave us a bad taste of how we could easily be ripped off in India. The Western concept of the customer coming first, obviously does not apply. Nice hotel, but staff needs to be trained on how to deal with foreign customers who are paying a lot to stay there.	
May 27 2008 	No regrets	Not a great start to our honeymoon when the hotel driver failed to meet us at Delhi station. Several calls to hotel and 30 odd mins later standing in 40 C, got picked up and my severe irritation evaporated in a sea of cold towels an bottled water.The marble lobby, chandeliers and waterfall feature all create a big 'wow' factor and impressed by smooth and seamless check-in at our executive suite on the 8th floor, which had lovely panoramic views over the tree -covered embassy district and India Gate.Marble bathroom had great walk in shower and amenities, but normal bath not soaking tub I was hoping for. One minor quibble was the repair to marble crack in shower which had been rather crudely done.The bedroom and living room were superb, and lavishly equiped with excellent king size bed, excellent linen and a plethora of cushions and pillows. Massive wardrobe space, two large t.v.'s and dvd/cd player.Little touches were appreciated such as complimentary fruit and placed daily on the dining table, and twice daily housekeeping.Recommend hiring a car and driver to get around the frenetic city. The concierge staff write down where you want to go and hand it to the driver, after also writing down taxi registration number, so as to discourage any taxi drivers that may want to rip-off naive tourists, very reassuring.Hired a hotel car for sight seeing on second day-good value for 3500INR (£40) for 4 hours, but the qu aint ambassador taxi (extra to have the air con on) we hired for over 4 hours on third day was only 600 INR (less than £10)-including air con, and a nice memory of the old India.Breakfast in one word was 'stupendous'. English. American, Japanese, Chinese and of course various Indian dihes always available-no qeueing, and although a buffet affair, eggs always cooked to order, drinks orders taken at table and bought to you, and the staff always happy to get you any dishes if you didnt want to move out of your chair.Cafe bar was always busy throughout day and evening, main restaurant was very good-the lal maas recommended, but ask for it be cooked for an 'indian palate' as I suspect chilli and spice heat toned down a little for western visitors. On our last night splashed out at the signature 'oriental' restaurant on the first floor. It was made into a superlative experience by the warm but unobtrusive service of the staff...welcomed by a signature cocktail of the evening on the house...my wife didnt like her soup (nothing wrong with the soup, just not to her taste) and the waiter insisted on exchanging it for something else gratis...dessert truly scrumptious...great window table with a view...not cheap by Indian standards, but we're talking fresh sushi made by a Japanese chef, which came to a £100-a bargain in England for four courses and drinks.The island bar was impressive in layout and had a very wide selection of drinks, and attentive staff but as I found elswehere in India, limited in the range of cocktails offered. If you like cocktails like I do, then I recommend you carry a cocktail recipe book with you. Quiet during the day, didnt go in evenings (my wife doesnt drink), but they had music on in evenings and martini themed nights too.Did not use the spa or pool and jacuzzi a lot but did have a swedish massage which lasted for 60 mins. Very professionally done in excellent surroundings on basement floor. Left me feeling very relaxed, and was relatively inexpensive. On last morning we had early train to catch, breakfast arrived in our room on the dot at 0600, and were whisked to station in hotel car-meeting and departing in hotel car part of room rate, as is breakfast.Delhi was over 40 degrees during our stay, so the very efficient air conditioning in all areas of the hotel was a godsend-you only knew how good it was when you stepped outside the hot...air con in our room was a tad too cool on first day and control panel was stuck, an engineer came and fixed the problem within 10 mins with a minimum of fuss and disruption.In conclusion we thorughly enjoyed our stay, and although £250 a night is a lot by Indian standards, it is not by English standards. We got a superb suite with a view, very good food, a hotel that looks like new, and service that was faultless and friendly. We would recommend this hotel wholeheartedly.	
May 24 2008 	Solid hotel with some niggles	Very much like the other '5-star' hotels in Delhi, in that you get what you pay for, with excellent standards of service and bar(s) and restaurants to 'western' tastes, however there are some issues with the rooms which disappointed.This was a business trip for four of us, and we used the hotel's airport pick-up service; which included nice cold face towels and a small bottle of chilled mineral water which were refreshing in the 41C heat. On arrival at the hotel there were four greeters who took each of us directly to our rooms for check-in formalities to be completed there. Very nicely done.Only later did I recall that the hotel's website says that Deluxe rooms have separate walk-in showers - my room did not. On querying this I was told that this was a mistake on the website but that they would move me as I had expected a separate shower, apparently only included in the top tier 'premier' room. However, I'm still not sure what the true situation is with this, different colleagues were told different things, and descriptions from other reviewers appear to contradict this too.The first room had twin beds and was somewhat crowded by the furniture being crammed in to what is essentially a small room. The bathroom has a large picture window to the bedroom with a blind if one requires privacy! The evacuation floor plan indicates that all the rooms are this size except for x11 and x12 which have the bigger bathrooms and the rooms at the end of both corridors that are small suites.So the second room was larger, with some additional furniture. Despite being a 'better' room, the TV was older and not a flatscreen as the lower-rate room had. The TV speaker in the bathroom did not work. A colleague's room had a dvd player, mine did not.The light on the shaving mirror also did not work, and the bath appeared to have been damaged and a poor effort at using filler to repair it was evident (see photo). The shower also leaked water across the bathroom floor.There is no alarm clock in the room. I called to have the iron replaced, as smoke (not steam!) came from it when I plugged it in... and the state of the ironing board was shameful, covered in dirty stains. The flashing light on the smoke detector was very bright and unmissable in the nighttime darkness. I also received two wrongly connected calls during my three days.There is a new complimentary 2 liter bottle of water left in the room daily, and turn down service is provided.Breakfast in Cafe Uno was very comprehensive and the most extensive and impressive fruit salad range I have seen: Lovely pomegranite! We also ate at the Oriental restaurant, and the food was plentiful and enjoyable.	
May 20 2008 	Really liked this hotel	Stayed 5 days at the Shangri-La. The hotel was wonderful. This place is what service should be at every hotel. A bit of a bummer that the pool was out of service but aside from that perfect. Upgraded to executive suite, which was well worth it. lounge on 19th floor is outstanding. Breakfast and view are great. The whole staff is courteous, polite, and helpful in every way. And to top it off, a copy of Lost Horizon (my personal epiphany 30 years ago) in every room. Will make Shangri-La my new preference in Asia.One suggestion - switch from wired to wireless so we can move around the room a bit. A minor detail	
May 7 2008 	Nice but not as good as many Shangri-La's	I'm staying right now at the Shangri-La, New Delhi, and while the service is absolutely perfect, I do have some quibbles about the rooms.Prices here in Delhi are sky high, and the rooms here, while very nicely appointed, are very small, compared to other Delhi hotels. I was upgraded to a Horizon Club room, which are supposed to be much nicer than regular rooms, and the two of us are rather cramped. There's a chair in the room, but no sofa. The worst is the bathroom -- it's the tiniest bathroom I've ever seen in a Shangri-la. There's barely enough room for us to place our toiletries, not even enough room for towel rods. There's only one sink, and the toilet is tightly rammed between the tub and the small sink. There's also this ridiculous new decorative idea of placing a large glass window between the bathroom and the bedroom -- I think to forestall the claustrophobia of the bathroom. But trust me, even with a long married couple, privacy issues demand that the shade remain closed.The other issue with the bathroom is that there is no way to keep the floor from flooding when you take a shower. We tried everything, and then gave up.Sorry to keep harping on the bathroom, I was just surprised since we are paying so much. Also, though it is a new hotel, the carpet is already stained and the furniture already looks tired. Another bothersome issue is the loud pipes. I was awakened several times by loud flushes and someone taking a bath in the middle of the night. I could hear the tub filling as if it was in my own room. Hard to get back to sleep until whoever it was finally drained the tub, (and I heard every drop go down the pipe).One more criticism -- the sprinkler system over our bed has lights on it that flash all night long. Bring along your airplane eye patches.The good points, however, are the Shangri-la beds, which I adore -- huge and comfy. Linens could be softer -- ours were a bit scratchy.Another good point -- the Horizon Club, which has free wireless internet, 3 computer stations, and fabulous service and food.Food at all of the restaurants is marvelous, and the breakfast buffet in the downstairs cafe is the best hotel breakfast I've ever had. They make scrumptious masala dosas to order!So, in conclusion, this is a perfectly FINE hotel, but it's not up to the higher standards you may have experienced from other Shangri-La's.	
Apr 25 2008	Check Your Bill Carefully!	as i was checking out, the guy next to me was having a bitter argument with an arrogant receptionist . she accused him of printing 16 pages in the business center, and he kept saying he did not set foot over there. the signature on the printing bill was apparently not his, nevertheless the robotic receptionist kept accusing him.my bill contained &quot;only&quot; a few telephone calls i never made. i said in a very loud voice that i did not make these calls, to let other guests hear. it worked. the recptionist surrendered without arguing while the other poor guy was still trying in vain to prove he never had time to go to the business centre.i do not know who won: the lowlife receptionist or the dignified Indian businessman.one thing i know: you have to be alert in this hotel! check your bill carefully!	
Apr 23 2008 	Comes highly recommended	The Shangri la is a well maintained well run 5 star hotel.We stayed for a week and we are fussy but could not fault them on anything. The staff are friendly and efficient. The food is first class especially the morning breakfast buffet which is amazing- western ,indian, chinese and japanese breakfasts. Concierge is good and organize taxis who actually use their meters. Location is central, views fantastic and rooms although small, are well appointed. There is a wonderful ambience to this hotel with a beautiful lobby full of fresh flowers and a nice bar which served amazing wines by the glass. The price is expensive but this is Delhi in India in 2008 so what do you expect? I would have got a lot less in London or Paris for the same price. well done Shangri la	
Apr 20 2008 	Forced Weight Loss!	Dine at the buffet restaurant. After a few meals, or perhaps, if you are “lucky”, on your first encounter with this microbes-lab, you become attached to your bathroom. After twenty four hours of diarrhea you feel like having something in your stomach. Use room service to order toasts and butter, like I have done, with a can of soda and a little bit of plain rice. You are doomed to be charged 1600 Rs, like I was charged. In the civilized world this is about $42. Plus tax it’s about $50!So if you don’t lose weight on account of massive diarrhea, you do anyway, on account of shock.And suppose that, after losing weight, you feel entitled to a small sin. You walk into the same buffet restaurant, and this time you don’t dare touch the food, but you only ask if you can have two tiny marzipans, both of them together about the size of a match box. You are punished with yet another shocker of 500 Rs, or, in the civilized world’s language – $13.3. plus tax. And yet again you have a chance to run away and keep you new weight, without suffering, and with a bonus: you don’t let them rip your guts off again!!	
Apr 20 2008 	Loved the pol area	This is an excelent property with a brand new spa, close proximity to all the sites, and great rooms. The pool area is large and expansive although the water is not heated so it is brisk. The check in area is large and the proces is swift.The ground floor restaurant has excellent fare and a great outdoor sitting area. On the whole I would give the staff high marks. Having said that, my stay was marred by one cocky individual - the health club manager N. Prithni Raj who seems to think his arrogance is somehow justified because he works out alot. He hits on all the women and seems he has a major attitude. But the other staff are excellent, and he seems the only bad apple.Overall, I would give this hotel 5 stars and would highly recommend it.	
Apr 19 2008 	A contrast to other Shangri La's	I can't say I'm an expert in ShangriLa's chain of hotels, but I stayed in the Delhi Shangri La Hotel but was not very impressed. I have jst been to the Shangri La in Oman, which was much more immaculate than this one. The food was kind of a disappointment, as they had no Halal food for Muslims, so I had to live on fried pinapple slices and salads throughout my business trips! I was quite hungry!!!But overall, its a good hotel in comparison to others in India. It was my first trip to India so I didn't want to take any chances.	
Apr 11 2008	Beware! You Sit and Sleep on PESTICIDE!	As you walk into the hotel you notice a very special smell. There is a definite fragrance of air freshener, but there is something else. This is a smell with a special aroma. Want to know what is it?Well, late at night, a guy with a huge cylinder, hose attached, moves around the lounge area in the lobby. He sprays, or actually drowns the carpet, the sofas and the armchairs with PESTICIDE, mixed with air freshener solution!From time to time the same perfumed pesticide is being sprayed in the rooms and down the corridors.This is “new India”. India of the rich, and the non - rich who live in everyday proximity to the rich, and adopt the unbelievable arrogance of the “new Indians”, seemingly “Westernized”, but still wiping their noses at the dinner table with the napkin or their scarf….The receptionists are as arrogant as third world people who work in posh hotels can be. If everything goes smooth you are treated with hypocritical smooth politeness, and If you arrive exhausted after a long trip you take it to be real . But actually they are horrible. If you have the smallest problem when checking in or out you are doomed to be treated by the most arrogant and rude personnel you ever saw.And yes, like in every third world country, maintenance and repairs are done at night. I stayed three nights and every night there were a few strong booms which waked me up.	
Apr 7 2008 	Worth the money	Have just returned from my first trip to India and can't praise the Shangri-La highly enough. The rooms were very comfortable and well-equiped and the facilities offered by the Horizon Club made the extra cost worth it. (high tea, evening drinks and canapes, airport pick up to name but a few)- yes, it is expensive but no more so than other 5 star hotels in Delhi and I came away feeling that the money was well spent.On our return at the end of the trip we were upgraded to a suite - really lovely way to end what had been an amazing holiday.The staff are incredibly professional and friendly and are a real asset to the hotel.If you are wondering whether to book go ahead, I don't think you'll be disappointed.	
Apr 3 2008 	First class	The Delhi Shangri-La maintains the high standard associated with the brand. No it's not cheap, but the hotel is immaculately maintained, Horizon Club is well worth the extra (try to stay on the top floor for higher ceilings), service is excellent, great pool, and a good position in New Delhi. Downsides are that the rooms are on the small side, food is a bit bland, and pickup from the Domestic Terminal was chaotic, but it's still the place to stay. Visited the neighbouring Imperial Hotel and would stay at Shangri-La in preference.Not far away is The Park hotel. Do have dinner at &quot;Fire&quot;, but don't go till 9.30pm – no-one else in Delhi does! Cost for a hotel car with driver to view the sights (don't miss Humayun's Tomb) is reasonably priced, by 5 Star Standards at US$20 per hour. A taxi is much cheaper, but I felt the Shangri-La service is worth the extra.	
Mar 31 2008 	Good but expensive.	We stayed here for three nights, paying £549 full prepayment in advance through Asiarooms.com. This was the cheapest rate we found, not only for this hotel, but any of the 5* Delhi hotels with good Tripadvisor ratings.Our hotel room was spacious and clean, with a reasonable view at the back of the hotel (although higher floors and those facing the front or sides of the hotel would have been better). The pool area was pleasant, and there is a nice terrace within the garden in which you can sit to eat or drink. Restaurant and bar facilities were also good, with lunch buffets offered in both the Thai and Indian restaurants, although we opted for ala carte which was cheaper where only snacking, and we had no complaints with the food. Service throughout was generally impressive.Overall, this is a pricey hotel (but within a city where hotels are generally pricey!) and whilst not amazing, leaves little to gripe about. Recommended.	
Mar 21 2008 	good hotel but overpriced	Being in India for the first time on a short business trip, I didn't want to take any risk and that's why I booked this hotel.What I liked is that I had the option to get for free a late checkout at 6pm (my flight back to Brussels was after midnight, this saved me an additional night), but having to pay 20.000 INR per night for a premier king room is overpriced for a place where people earn less than 100$ a month. Yes, there were friendly (and goodlooking) girls at the entrance welcoming you everytime you got back in the hotel and yes, there was someone providing you with soap in the public restroom and yes, the food was great , the rooms were ok and well equipped etc... but I find this hotel overpriced... Drinking a beer in your room costs some 10$ and the portion of cashews I ate were only a bit cheaper. pffffThe restaurant has a great variety of choice, food is really good...but again extremely overpriced.	
Mar 15 2008 	Excellent Hotel but Overpriced	I stayed at the hotel in January 2008 whilst on a business trip in Delhi. The hotel is clean and a retreat from the hustle and bustle of Delhi.Rooms are small but clean and well equipped with a LCD TV, mini-bar, coffee facilities and internet access. The view from the room was not great but then I did get a cheaper room at £230 per night! By Delhi standards this is not an expensive hotel but in my opinion, this is not up to the standards of a hotel at this price point elsewhere in the world. Everything in Delhi is cheap until you step into the hotel and then its really expensive but I cannot understand why.The hotel drivers all moan that they do not get much money as a way of getting tips off you. The bell boy hangs around expecting a tip for bringing an overnight bag up that he grabbed off you as you walked in. The bar staff ask for tips,At busy times in the restaurant, service is non-existent. A pot of tea can take longer to arrive than you spend eating breakfast! The Thai restaurant is fantastic. Great food and service - the best place to eat in the hotel. The buffet restaurant food is not the best tasting or the biggest selection and the A la carte menu is a bit plain.Nonetheless its a nice hotel and I would stay here again but it has a number of failings which I hope they address before I book again.	
Mar 4 2008 	Not bad not bad at all	Very pleased (and suprised) to come off the 4.55am BA flight to find car waiting as promised at airport and room ready for me. Hotel is very central, extremely clean but ferociously expensive!Food in Horizon club exceptional, but dont wait til the last moment, they close it early. Staff extremely pleasant and attentive. Trouble is that at this price everything is pretty good, indeed exceptional, except value for money.	
Feb 27 2008 	Some small niggles but overall good experience - a good hotel	Three of us stayed here for four nights on business (now on my last night and writing this review from my room). We were booked into Club rooms which give you use of the &quot;Horizon Club&quot; lounge with free breakfast, Internet and free evening food. In terms of the rooms, this hotel could be anywhere in the world, and mostly lives up to its five-star rating.GOOD POINTS:- Nice rooms, of five star standard.- Excellent restaurants - but be aware that prices are more London than Delhi.- Staff are helpful and polite, and not as overpowering in their fuss as those I've experienced in other Delhi hotels.- Good location in Central Delhi.COULD BE BETTER:- on arrival, we were taken to the Horizon Lounge to check us in, in comfort. Comfortable as it was, form filling and formalities took over 30 minutes. What we really wanted was to go to our rooms and rest after a long flight. Not a biggie though, as they provided drinks and the surroundings were amiable.- If you are sensitive to noise - the one main complaint I would have is that the hotel skimped on plumbing, and whenever my next-door room showered or flushed I could hear it as an almighty noise. My very hygiene conscious neighbour showered a lot, and quite late, so sometimes I awoke with a start to the squelch of the plumbing.- A small point - the fire alarms on the ceiling have the brightest pilot light I have seen, and it blinks in white flashes that made me feel like I was sleeping under a runway. I did get used to it after day three...And finally - a tip for those booking club rooms: try to get a room on the 19th (top) floor, as they are slightly better than the other floors (I stayed on the 16th, and got a tour of my colleagues' rooms upstairs).	
Jan 30 2008 	Wonderful staff	I changed my New Delhi hotel booking to the Shangri La on the advice of my brother, who had just stayed there and I was so glad I did. It was a wonderful experience and the staff couldn't have done enough for us. We had a room on the Club floor and the Club lounge was very comfortable with a lovely view over the hotel gardens and a busy roundabout, bustling with traffic. It was on a high floor so you were on the same level as some huge, wild birds circling. They might have been eagles, but I'm not an expert! Anyway, we stayed for one night, then headed off to Agra for one night and came back for another two nights. The hotel staff very kindly kept our two bottles of duty free Champagne in their fridge while we were gone and then let us drink it in the lounge when we got back. They probably aren't supposed to do that, but it was a very nice touch.I loved the breakfast buffet, especially the Indian dishes, including the wonderful paratha. There was an enormous selection and it was difficult not to pig out. I also tried the far eastern restaurant twice and was impressed. My Tom Kha Gai was exactly as it would be in Thailand.The only downside to the experience is that there was some confusion over when we checked in. We arrived around 9 in the morning and they told us that we could get into our room. However, when it came to check out, they wanted to charge us another night for the early arrival to the room. I know this is what hotels do, and if I had wanted to pay for the room for an extra night for the convenience of checking in early, I would have done that, however I know that if the hotel is not full, sometimes they will let you check in early and not charge you. However, they need to tell you at the time you check in that they will be charging you an extra night, and they did not, so after some discussion they agreed to let us off and rightly so. If I had been informed when checking in that we would have to pay for an extra night, I would have just left my cases in the lobby and come back later. Bit naughty.Overall, though, I cannot fault the hotel and would definitely stay there again. It was very welcoming and had all the facilities that I require when travelling.	
Dec 23 2007 	An Oasis of calm	We added a night here after finishing a private tour and like other travellers, were ready for a calm stay after spending time on the road. The hotel lived up to expectations and met the standards of other Shangri La hotels that I have stayed in. It was very friendly and I didn't have any problems with check in and check out.The food was excellent and we loved the evening buffet with kebabs cooked by the side of the pool. The room was very pleasant and the overall calmness of the hotel was a very welcome contrast to our attempts to walk round Delhi by ourselves. It was exactly what we were looking for.	
Dec 17 2007 	Luxury In India	The Shangri-La is a beautiful hotel! The lobby and grounds are very impressive. Each night the staff assembled a very nice candle display in the front window.Our package including breakfast which was wonderfully prepared in the cafe downstairs. The buffet was full of fresh fruits and any kind of breakfast food one would desire.The patio area offered beautiful views of the well-maintained grounds, including a hugh rock waterfall. The pool was very large.The standard rooms were a bit small but very comfortable and very clean. Even though this hotel is located on a busy street, the outside noise was kept to a minimum.Check-in was a bit slow but the staff was incredibly friendly.We would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 18 2007 	Not quite a par with other Shangri-La hotels	Having stayed at other Shangri-Las such as in Singapore and Kuala Lumpur, I expected a top-notch efficient hotel with attention to detail. Alas, though the breakfast brunch offering was of the same high caliber, overall service quality and room decor were not. During breakfast, I had to constantly request coffee as the staff seemed to be walking around aimlessly (the dining room was only half full). Linen setting seemed incomplete in my area of tables (I had to take a serviette from a neighbouring table). It took me 45 minutes to check out, and this was in the Club Lounge! The luxury tax (from which my organization is exempt) needed to be manually credited (why???) which challenged the employee tremendously. Decor wise, the entrance had the trademark wow factor of the chanin but the different elements did not work together. The rug in the room needed a deep cleaning. On the plus side, the complimentary cocktail nibble selection in the club lounge was quite satisfying. While these may seem like small shortfalls, one has to be remember the room rate was close to $400! At that price, one expects near flawless service levels, would you not agree?	
Nov 12 2007 	lovely hotel and staff	Have stayed in this chain before so knew roughly what to expect but the service and quality of this hotel exceeded my expectations. Everything about it was lovely, especially the wonderful spa. Staff were without exception welcoming and friendly in a way that I am sure is genuine and caring. Truly wonderful stay and I would go back. Nicely situated too.	
Oct 30 2007 	An Oasis in New Delhi	After a nightmare road journey from Agra, we arrived late evening at this centrally located hotel for a three night stay. Staff were welcoming and the room we were allocated was clean and had all the facilities to be expected of a hotel of this type. Membership of the Horizon Club was included. We had a choice of restaurants to eat in, but used the Cafe Uno throughout and had no complaints with the food or service. Staff were efficient and friendly and not overbearing. We spent some time by and in the hotel pool, an oasis of calm amidst the constant noise and bustle outside. An expensive hotel but we had no complaints and a complimentary car to the airport on the last morning sealed an excellent stay.	
Oct 21 2007 	Absolutely lovely	Having had our flight cancelled, along with some colleagues we decided we would try and stay at this hotel for the night even though the airline had offered us a freebie somewhere else. Well, it was worth it. What a marvellous hotel. Everything was perfect - the reception, the restaurant and the rooms are to die for. It was such bliss and I was hoping like crazy my flight would be delayed indefinitely (unfortunately it didn't happen).	
Oct 21 2007 	Luxurious and friendly; expensive and soulless	You know what you're getting with the Shangri La chain - extremely friendly and welcoming staff, a luxurious room, and a very comfortable stay. On the plus side, too, this hotel is very central (near Connaught Place) and although expensive, no more so than other 5-star hotels in Delhi, which are all ridiculously over-priced. But my biggest disappointment was that there was no atmosphere at all. I felt I could have been anywhere as, apart from some photos on the wall of my room, there was nothing that gave me a sense that I was in India. The outside area was actually very small, with only a lawn and a mock waterfall - no lush gardens as in some other Indian hotels. Overall, it seems a shame to quibble, as this is a very comfortable hotel indeed, but it is an un-memorable one.	
Oct 16 2007 	Perfect!	This is the most perfect place- at arrival meet by name at the lobby, and excorted to the room, much bigger than expected, and with everything wanted. Nice bathroom, though not seperate shower. Window glass to bathroom - who uses that?, but .., Laundry included in pacage, so went home with only clean close. Nice buffet restaurant, uno, and nice poolarea.The spa was beautyfull, and made the most wonderfull treatments.Stayed before in th Imperial, but this is much better, the service faster, the rooms, as not so spetacular, but every littelthing was working,. Stay ther next time for sure!!!	
Sep 19 2007 	Excellent room in a super location	My room at this hotel was so nice I didn't want to go sightseeing! From the moment I checked in (at 1:00 am) the service was excellent and I was amazed at the gorgeous floral displays in the lobby. After 25 hours of flying, those things count. I visited in August when the heat was sweltering, but the hotel was totally comfortable. My room was luxuriously appointed with the finest linens, wonderful lighting, lovely furniture, a good amount of space, and a bathroom I wish I could copy at home. Everything about it said 'relaxed luxury'. It was also very quiet. It was a treat to stay there. The location is near all the major sites (and offices), and I *really* appreciated the pool. The only complaint I had was that the breakfast staff took five requests on my part to bring me a second cup of coffee. But if that's the worst thing that happens on a trip, then I consider myself lucky!	
Sep 17 2007 	Fabulous hotel great service and we found slightly more reasonable than other d	my sister and i went backpacking through india in april but we decided to treat ourselves with our first night in delhi. i researched a lot of the top hotels in delhi and found the shangri-la to be one of the more reasonable. The hotel had a complimentary pick up service from the airport which was aplus for 2 girls arriving into india, the chaffeur who picked us up had cool flannels and bottled water for us, v nice touch!!The lobby to the hotel was lovely, cool and full of fresh flowers, and our receptionist escorted us to the room personally. the room was fab, very nicely decorated, plush and with great views. the breakfast buffet the next day was also amazing. the pool is nice, not wow, but its what you would expect from a city hotel. The spa looked lovely but we didnt try it. All in all great service, location and competitively priced!	
Aug 29 2007	Disappointed	Not only is the hotel fully booked almost every day due to business travellers, but it is also totally overpriced with rather unhelpful service. Disappointed in every way possible.	
Aug 18 2007 	comfortable place 	This is a nice hotel. Service is good.Clean &amp; comfortable rooms.Overall good value for money. It's just like any other Shangri la s minus the frills. Dont expect too much personal attention or service as the hotel is always well booked and staff are busy .Front desk is not too friendly but the rest of them are very helpful.Nice bathrooms with good amenities.	
Aug 15 2007 	Experience for sharing	Visiting and staying in Shangri-La hotel New Delhi is a bitter experience for me. The hotel's dining room is not properly cleaned, poor service had made me disappointed. No proper guidance to foreign guests. All the other guests should consider this once.	
Jul 21 2007 	Loved the William	Problem on check in/check out,Food was not hygenic,services were not as Five star hotel	
Jul 19 2007	Not the service you would expect	The service is really spotty and some of the hotel staff is amazingly rude &amp; impolite. Having stayed at a number of Oberoi, Taj, &amp; Trident Hilton hotels in India, the difference was glaring. This hotel charges as much as the best Delhi hotels, but the service is not even close to what the other hotels provide.Althoug some of the staff is good, there are many poorly trained people to overshadow the decent service of the good one's.	
Jul 5 2007 	A pleasant modern hotel	The Shangri-La is a very pleasing, friendly hotel and being one of the newest hotels in New Delhi, it is modern and contemporary in look and feel. Very small rooms, though. Some rooms have 4-fixture bathrooms with a shower cubicle in addition. Very nice Club lounge (Horizon). The food outlets are also very good. Small business centre but adequate for most needs. Outstanding spa! (expected from the Shangri-La).Upsides: 1.Extremely friendly and accomodating staff. 2.Location3.Good buffet breakfast -- usually included.Downsides: 1. Small rooms. 2. The lobby has place only for five people to sit. So,if you are meeting or waiting for someone, either stand or take a table in the Lobby Lounge. Needs to be addressed.3.Luggage transfer to room seems to take ages.	
Jul 1 2007 	Absolutely Fantastic Hotel	We have just returned from a two week stay in India. We stayed in the Shangri-La twice, at the start and the end of our trip. We stayed on the Horizon Club Floor.This hotel is not cheap but it is easy to see why. It is absolutely fantastic in every way!The staff are wonderful and extremely friendly, the location is great and the hotel itself is a welcome sanctuary from the craziness of New Dehli.The Spa area is beautiful and some of the treatments are actually surprisingly reasonably priced.We were upgraded to an Executive Suite on the second period of our stay without asking or for any reason that we are aware of.There were 6 of us in our group staying in all ranges of the rooms and no one had a single negative comment about the Shangri-La.I would 100% recommend this hotel for anybody that has the money to stay, it is well worth it.	
Jun 22 2007 	Brilliant luxury hotel	Excellent place in a good zone of Delhi. The rooms are very confortable and have good quality furniture. Considered the awful price-quality ratio of nowadays India, this is a sure bet if you wantstyle and service at a decent rate. Very good breakfast, and attentive reception.	
Jun 11 2007	Excellent	Despite the high prices, this hotel gives excellent value for money and makes itself stand out from other big chains by providing excellent service that is very personable, great food and very high levels of cleanliness. Great swimming pool (although the ice cream coffee that we drank there took a long time to prepare and was not as great as we had hoped!); the spa area is clean and very tidy with, rather strangely, a tv in the sauna and excellent service from the lady on duty. The airport pick up worked very well: I sent a reminder email some days before in order to reconfirm all details, and they even wrote back.We really enjoyed our stay here and would go back anytime.	
May 27 2007 	What a great choice!	Spent five days at the Shangri-la and just had to write to say what a great value and experience it was. Upon arrival in Delhi by air at 11 PM on a Sunday night we were greeted by a hotel driver just as promised by the hotel! And it was included in the room rate along with a varied and highly tasty buffet breakfast spread. The service was friendly and personal and the concierge's knowledgeable advice, on which trains leave from which station, saved us from what could have been a costly error. The weather was in the low 40Cs when we were there, and the pool and spa area provided a relaxing oasis where one could easily get away from some of the less pleasing aspects of what is nevertheless a great city. An added bonus is that the hotel is just around the corner from the Imperial Hotel and it's fabulous Spice Route restaurant. Was able to book a room directly on their web site and the price was substantially better than comparable 5 star hotels with much less central locations. Should we ever go back to Delhi, it will be to the Shangri-la!	
May 17 2007 	Excellent	I can't fault this hotel at all, other than it being in Delhi! The hotel looks as though it has been very recently renovated, and our room and all public areas were superb - very cool and modern. The service, as with all Shangri-la's I have stayed in is excellent. We ate in the oriental restaurant, which whilst it certainly wasn't cheap, it was excellent and the portions were huge. We got a pretty good deal here on Expedia - 85 GBP for one night.	
May 9 2007	Shangrila in name only forget the rest	Definitely not worth it - rooms are (very) small service is very inconsisent and there are much better properties in Delhi especially for the price.	
Apr 29 2007 	Excellent hotel in good location	I would recommend anyone to stay in this hotel. We paid a bit extra and had a Horizon Superior room which is well worth the extra as you have transport to and from the hotel. We were met at the airport by a private car and after a delay of over 1 hour, our driver was patiently waiting. We were provided with two bottles of ice water and two cold flannels in the car, a nice touch. On arrival at the check in desk they transported us to the executive lounge where we were booked in and provided with a drink. In the price of the room is a breakfast in the club lounge, bearing in mind this is not a full buffet, but more snacks and coffee, but enough to start the day with. Also included is the cocktail hour where you again can have canapes and drinks of wine, beer or spirits. I believe the lounge is free to go in any time and have a coffee, but we were too busy to experience this. Also free use of the internet, which was very useful to reserve our seats on the way home. The staff in the club room are very friendly. The restaurant called 19 Oriental Avenue Restaurant on the first floor was lovely with a choice of Thai, Chinese or Sushi. We had a chef special duck curry and a Thai curry with plain rice and they were both really good with drinks of coke for £23 for two, which is a good price for a hotel. Also tried the Cafe Uno but preferred the Oriental Avenue. The pool is lovely although very cold, with an attendant to bring cool drinks and snacks and there was only us there. The jacuzzi, didnt seem to work though. We travelled to Jaipur by train from the Shangri-la and again were transported there by private car and were picked up on the way back to stay at the hotel the last night. The driver asked what coach on the train we were on and was waiting for us on the station. Excellent service. We had booked a trip to Agra for the day after our arrival and we couldnt fault the concierge, who phoned the company we had booked with and helped us with our booking. The hotel is in a good situation and you can walk down the road, avoiding the tuk-tuk drivers and the people waiting outside the hotel, to the Metro, which is very efficient and clean and although it doesnt run everywhere, you can get to Old Delhi on this. Also walkable to India Gate. If there was a downside to all of this, it was that we were allowed to keep the room until later 9.00 p.m. and we were charged although we believed it was complimentary but I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 20 2007	Lots of nice aspects.	We stayed here twice, both going and coming. It has a great location in the center of town. If you want to walk to shopping you can just walk three or four long blocks north and you're in the heart of the city. Lots of shops one or two streets to the east or west too. When walking just ignore the tuk-tuk drivers and or the pedestrians. As our driver told us, &quot;no one is free in India.&quot; Anything anyone tells you is a lie or at best heavily weighted to get you to do something to get them a kickback. The hotel was high end generic. Everything was perfect but within the paradigm of a modern chic hotel. My wife got a haircut and a manicure at the spa and really like the woman who helped her. She was helpful and gave her a great cut. The spa was fine, it has the exact same layout as the Four Seasons in Doha Qatar but not as nice. I think it must be a well established template for spas. Not to complain it's a great template. Nice recessed water ways under the walkway and spotlights illuminating bowls of water, filled with Gerber daises. The pool was nice but the sun moved behind the building just when I was warming up, damn you sun!Restaurant was great. We had some excellent vegetarian Indian dishes. Breakfast was good and the coffee cups were big enough to ward of caffeine withdrawals. Best breakfast of all the hotels we stayed at. They did SNAFU our bill the last night. We sat in the restaurant for maybe an hour after dinner and wrote post cards and they never brought the bill. We left without thinking about it and they called at 11:30 to check. That annoyed me just give it to the front desk for god sakes. My other annoyance (and the president of Shangri-La is getting a business letter about this) was that the concierge did not give unbiased information. Now EVERYONE told us that no one in India was free but for some reason I naively expected a concierge of an international 4/5 star hotel to have my best interest in mind in fact that is in no small part what I pay for. This was not the case. See the quote at the top and judge accordingly.	
Apr 6 2007 	A poor choice	My wife and I stayed at this hotel given the great reviews given. However, the stay was overpriced and disappointing. People rave about service, but we found out to be hollow, Yes staff seemed to always say that it (what ever problem we had) would be taken care off, but really was not. Also, the night manager either was ill informed about the heating/cooling or was not honest. We got a straight answer only by speaking to the heating and cooling personnel - they shut off the heating/cooling at night. Two things that were good: excellent breakfast buffer and a ride to the airport in a camary. We will not stay at this place again. I tried to contact the general manager - but I guess my email bounced back as it did not recognize my user id. I also sent a fax, which I never received a response.	
Mar 23 2007 	an oasis	Delhi was our first stop on our two week private tour of India.To our horror,after a 15 hour flight,we find out at check-in that the hotel is over-sold and we had to relocate to the Intercontinental Eros 30 minutes away.We were not pleased.We even felt that the management were not truthful with us since it was obvious other people were allowed to check in after we arrived.The manager did not seem to take much resposibility for this mishap.I didnt think this sort of thing would happen since we were on a &quot;tour&quot;.After arguing for 30 minutes,getting us nowhere,we spent the night at the IC.We were promised an upgrade to a suite 9am the next morning.To our amazement at 9am we were quickly checked in into our suites.The remaining three days were wonderful.The suites were clean and spacious with lots of free bottled water.The morning breakfast was plentiful with good selection.The evening hors doevres and complimentary drinks were great.They did not skimp like other hotels.The staff were polite and efficient.The restaurants -we ate at all of them-were good and reliable.We did not get sick and we ate everything.The location was perfect.Clean,safe and relatively quiet area.Great views from the room of gov't buildings.Would recommend hotel despite the initial check in situation.Perhaps they need a little more training on dealing with room bookings.	
Mar 21 2007	Highly recommended	We stayed on two occasions in Dec 2006. Had excellent stays both times--rooms were high quality, staff was very attentive and helpful, breakfast was good. The public spaces are small but well-appointed. The gym is excellent and staff there was very good. Car service from the airport was good.Would highly recommend the hotel.	
Mar 16 2007 	Excellent Hotel	Stayed 3 nights at this hotel mid Feb with wife and two boys. Arrived 5.00am and found staff extremely welcoming and helpful as they were throughout stay. Rooms were very nice, modern, clean and comfortable. Buffet breakfast was excellent - very wide choice, good food. Evening buffet was also very good with wide selection to suite all tastes. Did not try other restaurants, but they looked very good as well. Hotel seems pretty well central for all sites and reasonably quiet (or as quiet as Delhi can be). Based on our experience I would not hesitate in staying here again - 1st class.	
Mar 16 2007 	Nice Shangri-La	another great stay at Shangri-La chain of hotel. I and my family loved this upscale hotel in the heart of south Delhi overlooking the Presidents' house. Extremely helpful and courteous staff and great room. Very nice bar and restaurant.	
Feb 26 2007	Very Comfortable Welcoming Hotel	Our 3 night stay was a great start to our 3 weeks in India. The room was spacious and well appointed. Bottled water was plentiful and regularly replaced. The staff were warm and gracious. The breakfast buffet was extensive and included an international mix of choices. The central location was a plus.	
Feb 23 2007 	No Shangri-La. Ruined my impression of Delhi.	I am a fan of Shangri-la hotels and am an executive member of the hotel's loyalty programme. I paid US$440 for a horizon club room and for this same amount, I could have stayed at the Imperial (managed by former GM of Island Shangri-la in HK) or the Oberoj or the Taj. Chose to stay at the Shang because it's a chain that I trusted and I thought that the service would be comparable to the other properties in Asia. Turns out that was the biggest mistake I could ever make. Here's a recount of my experience:1) Airport pickup. Limo transfer between airport and hotel is part of the &quot;extras&quot; included for staying at the horizon club. My flight arrived at 0215 on the 17th and even though the hotel has received my flight details, no one showed up to pick me up. According to the Director of Rooms and the Duty Manager, since I failed to make a reservation for the eve of the 16th, they had assumed that my flight actually arrives on the 18th. Since when does the world's clock stopped when midnight strikes? Going by their logic, no guest would have been picked-up at the airport before noon (their official check-in time and when the clock ticks again). Confronted the Directors of Rooms about the situation and he attempted to blame the travel agent for the error. Little does he know that my agent has already touched base with me and has told me that he had concerns about the hotel pickup service. After much bickering at the airport, where they claimed that transfer is not part of my package (even though it's clearly stated in my reservation and the welcome letter), and the duty manager's attempt to make me pay extra for the pickup, the duty manager finally caved and arranged for a jeep (not the limo as promised) to pick us up. That jeep probably belongs to someone that he knew and lives close enough to the airport to placate us.2) Check-in. Upon arrival, duty manager greeted us, but he made me agree to paying a full-night stay before letting me go upstairs to the horizon club to check in. How disrespectful and tactless is this? If money is an issue, I wouldn't be staying at the Shang! BTW, I only got into the room at 4AM. If the hotel's check-in time is 12, why do I have to pay a full night for providing &quot;service&quot; for 1/3 of the night? (Another couple who checked in before me also had the same complaint) Sadly, the Shang does not have a policy on full vs half night as the Four Seasons does.3) Customer relationship management. After wasting my time talking to the director of rooms, who did not take responsibility for airport pickup fiasco and attempted to blame me and my travel agent for the mix-up, I requested a meeting with the General Manager. The GM failed to even made contact when he returned to work on Monday and Tuesday. Even if he had no intention of talking to me, the very least he could have done is to leave a voicemail (knowing that there is a good chance I won't be in the room during the day). 4) Food. Horrible Asian restaurant. One can get better food from takeaway Chinese restaurants in the US or the UK! As for Cafe Uno, buffet selection is good, but taste doesn't compare to the food at the Oberoj or other local restaurants.5) Housekeeping. The hotel knew that the reservation is for two. Yet they set up everything, from towels to slipper, for one. Amenities aren't even replaced.6) Check-out. Having seen numerous errors when other guests checked out, I opted to check out the night before since I have to leave at 5AM. On my way out, while waiting for the car that I have prearranged with the hotel to show up, someone from the front desk chased after me claiming I have not paid for that extra night!! Come on, how much more disrespect do I have to put up!This Shang totally ruined my faith in the company and the Shang is putting the company's reputation at risk by keeping incompetent staff.	
Feb 22 2007 	Nice stay but smoky public areas	I chose this hotel for proximity to my business needs.First: the staff here are very freindly, and I have no complaints about any request I had (although I am not a really challenging guest.)The rooms very nice with comfortable beds, nice linens, good housekeeping, ironing board, and other amenities that one expects at a Shangri-La. The rooms are not excessively large, but a good size. The hotel is in a park-like setting, which makes for some nice psychic relief when traveling around Delhi.Some negatives: The public areas, bars, and restaurants can be nice, but I find them too smoky to be pleasant. Even after a few weeks in Asia, this was probably the smokiest business class hotel I stayed in. Also: I am getting testy that higher-end hotels (worldwide) still charge for internet access when so many 3-stars in the U.S. don't. However, since I as visiting one of our offices, I used the business services at that site.I will return to New Delhi in a few weeks, but will stay elsewhere. 'Nothing really wrong with this property, and it was a pleasant enough stay. However, it was expensive enough even with breakfast included, even at a corporate rate. I have booked an alternative.	
Feb 21 2007 	Great Location!!! Shame about the service 	We booked in what Shangri-la called club horizon level room and paid well over GBP 240 pounds per night to stay in this hotel. Unfortunately the services provided is not up to standard. This hotel does not appear that they got their operations right or provide their staff with relevant training. This is no where near a 5 star hotel!!!!The free airport transfers was fine and the chaffeurs are all very professional. This does give a great impression of what the hotel would be.However upon reaching the hotel, our views gradually changed. When we checked in for club horizon room, you will be sent to the 19th floor. Fantastic!!! (That is what I thought, as you will get some individual attention). Unfortunately, the welcoming letter that they give you is address to the wrong person and to date, they still did not realise this. The duvet covers for one of the nights that we stayed in have &quot;HOLES&quot; in it!!!! This I cannot say how they can call themselves 5 star hotel!!!! We have to call the Conceirge before they will sent our luggage up the room!!!!!!!!!!! Although we do have free internet usage provided by the horizon lounge, not all the computers that they have is working all the time!!!!Buffet Breakfast was ok. However the waiter service there is terrible. You need to wait for ages for coffee and you need to order it twice. Everytime when you finish a plate, they do not pick this up in a timely fashion, Even though the restaurant is not full at all.We also went to their other restaurant that serves Japanese, Thai and chinese food. The waiter got our order wrong and the food quality is disappointing!!! It just reminds me of cheap and cheerful type of restaurant food. However the price that they are charging is not cheap at all. The food is very salty!!!!! I will stay away from this restaurant!!!When we checked out on the 19th floor, I did ask the staff there to sent someone to pick us the luggage from our room and I know she did call. However by the time that we were on the ground floor, it is obvious that our luggage is not there and that it appears that the conceirge have no knowledge of it. To give them the benefit of the doubt, I would say perhaps conceirge needs time management!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I was hoping I can give some constructive feedback to the hotel, however they do not even have feedback forms in the room!!!! Cannot believe this at all. When you checked out they did not even ask whether you have a great stay with them at all!!! As if they do not even care whether you will come back or not!!!!!After staying in this hotel and Trident Hilton Guragaon, I will definitely stay in Trident Hilton again!!!! Their service there is excellent!!!!!! Cannot fault any of Trident Hilton service!!!!! The Spa in Hilton is far better than Shangri-La!!!!!!!!! Worth every penny of it. Spa in Shangri-la is ok. Nothing to wow about!!!! I would avoid Shangri-La Delhi at all cost if you have to pay this sort of money for crappy service and not so great food quality!!!!!	
Feb 12 2007 	First class hotel	We stayed at the Shangri La at the beginning and end of our trip to India, and I loved this hotel. + Hotel itself is only 1-2 years old, having been recently converted to a Shangri La and everything inside is new.+ Food was excellent in the main restaurant (the kebabs in the lobby bar though weren't very good)+ Spa is excellent; we were going to stay at the Imperial but I found out their spa is under construction. So we picked the Shangri La and have been very happy. Huge modern spa and gym in the basement.+ Bathrooms are clean and modern+ Bedding is new and very comfortable (similar to the Westin's or W Hotel's &quot;heavenly bed&quot;, if you've stayed there you know what I mean!);+ Service is top-notch. when we returned at the end of our trip for 1 night, much of the staff remembered us and welcomed us back! Everyone was friendly, professional and accommodating.+ Location is excellent, just south of the Imperial Hotel near Connaught Place. Much better location than either of the Taj Hotels or the Sheraton for walking around.	
Jan 31 2007	stranded at the airport	My wife and I stayed here our first 3 night in India. Our flight was to arrive very late at night / early morning. We didn't want to arrive from the USA at that hour of the day without a transfer to the hotel.I booked and paid the hotel for this service and confirmed it twice just before we left home.We did arrive at 1:30 AM on time. There was no one from the hotel in sight. We were left stranded there, exhausted and had no way of gettiing to the hotel.The pre-paid taxis had no idea how to get to this hotel and they had never heard of it. After talking to about 25 different drivers , one assured us he knew where it was. Of course he didn't and we drove around Delhi for 2 hours in the late night.We finally arrived at the hotel and the manager at first denied we had a transfer set up. After producing my confirming documentation, he admitted the &quot;mistake&quot;. Then his solution was to compensate us the 300 rupees we paid for the taxi. Now it's 4:30 AM and I'm argueing with the front desk manager. Unbelievable! He eventually agreed to give us access to the club level as some form of compensation. When we woke up , I opened the curtains to check out the view. I started laughing histerically! There are lots of pipes (water?) outside of our room and they are covered with pigeons and all that comes with pigeons.We closed the curtains and never looked out again.We were there on Jan. 4th-6th and the pool was not open that time of year, so we were told. I don't know how others got to experience the lovely pool area that is written in some others' reviews during this time.We left for Corbett Park with no luggage and the hotel refused to accept/hold our luggage for us. So if Lufthansa had delivered it to them , they told us they'd send it back! Thus there had to be a lot of conversations with Lufthansa , so they wouldn't deliver it to the Shangri-La.We came back to Delhi and stayed at the Taj. Much , much better everything!	
Jan 10 2007 	Excellent service	I stayed here while on a conference in Delhi. The attention to detail is amazing. So also the service, its manner and timing. Large spacious room with a very comfortable bed. The internet access is worth the money and was very conveniently done. I ordered a la carte, and was impressed with the food. The breakfast everyday is good as well, though I was a tad disappointed with the Indian breakfast. A very convenient and beautiful stay	
Jan 9 2007 	Awesome Hotel	We were switched from a Taj hotel to the Shangri-la a week before our 3 week tour of India. . I was a little concerned, but when we arrived, we were pleasantly surprised. The lobby and front desk personelle were so polite and friendly. The rooms were also amazing....The best bedding and pillows of all the hotels we stayed at.!!!The breakfast buffet was also the best. The quality and variety was great. We also liked the bar in the lobby and the Asian restaurant. Nice pool area and close to everything. Away from the chaos and we loved it. What a way to start out our trip.	
Jan 7 2007 	first class service	we stayed at this hotel at the start of our trip to india and at the end, and i must say the service was excellent. i booked the hotel direct and upgraded to the horizon club. the room was for me and my partner and an extra bed for my daughter.we was picked up from the airport by limo which had cold water and cleaning towels to freshen up. the check in was smooth and done in our own room. the room was a good size on the 19 th floor, ( the horizon club floor ). we had the choice of soft drinks, hot drinks and snacks all day from the exclusive club room and then in the evening 2 hours of free drinks and cocktails. well worth the extra cost. we ate in the ground floor restaurant which had first class food.also use of the pool and spa area which is fantastic. my partner made use of some of the treatments which you had to pay for but still cheap by our standards.but the thing thar stands out for me was the nice, kind, polite and freindly staff, for whom nothing was to much trouble. especially the staff on the horizon floor.we had to check out late to catch a night train ( 9.00 pm ) but the limo was there for us . also we could use the horizon lounge again for food and dinks ( gratis ) even though we had checked out some hours earlier. thankyou mr marwah and all your staff. that is why we stayed there again before we flew home and had an equal experiance. highly recommended.	
Jan 5 2007	LOVED THE EXPERIENCE	Great service ang great breakfast.	
Jan 5 2007 	Extremely disappointing	After reading the positive reviews here, and based on previous experience with the Shangri-La group, I decided to stay at the Shangri-La New Delhi. What a mistake!The Negatives:The service at the front desk is absolutely appalling. They were never able to assist me with anything, prefering rather to give me a disinterested glare. After having made prior arrangements to have an additional bed provided in my room ( I was travelling with a child), the hotel informed me 3 hours after I checked-in they would not be able to provide an extra bed. The management were absolutely useless, unable to provide any explanations. They then had the audacity to imply that I hadn't made a prior arrangement, a statement they later retracted after they checked their system!At the very least, a 5star hotel charging $400.00 a night for an ordinary room should know how many guests to expect and prepare the rooms accordingly.The housekeeping department were sluggish. They take at least 30 minutes to respond to the simplest of requests, don't replenish the amenties properly, the list goes on.I also noticed that the shower in my suite leaked and the bath-tub was very shoddily sealed. Not to be expected in a fairly new hotel.The Positives:I stayed in an executive suite, which was lovely. It has a great view, much nicer bathroom with a seperate bath and shower, Aigner amenities and a lovely chocolate platter on arrival. The price difference is quite substantial, but it is worth it from a comfort perspective.Room service was great. The presentation, timeous delivery and excellent quality of the dishes impressed me.The spa was also impressive. They offer a wide range of treatments and the staff are friendly and professional.The concierge desk was always very helpful, which I particularly appreciated as it was my first time in Delhi.Location was good. There are a couple of markets nearby, but transport is quite cheap in Delhi so location is not hugely important.CONCLUSIONAll things considered, I will never stay at the Shangri-La again. Their service levels leave much to be desired, and is a Shangri-La in name only. The rest of my trip, we stayed at hotels in the Oberoi group and they are head and shoulders above this hotel in every respect.	
Jan 5 2007 	5 star service - 2 star food	Firstly - the service was first class. The staff and facilities are great here. We didn't want to risk eating outside the hotel so we had the buffet most nights and tried the A La Carte 2 nights. The buffet was surprisingly poor - like what one might expect from a half-decent high street takeaway, but less tasty - it was bland and cheap-tasting. The a la carte in the restaurant on the 1st floor was alright. We had the Chinese one night and the Thai another night but I've had much better quality Asian food at home for less cost. The Waiter thought we were joking when we said the food was just &quot;ok&quot;. The buffet food actually repeated on me twice during my stay. The table service was very good when required. 5 star service - 2 star food.	
Dec 17 2006 	A bit disappointed	After having reading all the rave reviews anout Shangri-la, New Delhi, we were left disillusioned with the actual experience.The problems started right from the check-in. We were initially told that there was some problem with their computer system and that we have to wait a while for the room. But after again enquiring 30 minutes later, we were told that no room was vaccant as a guest had requested for a late checkout and they were just checking out that room which would be made available to us in a short while (The time was 6:00pm , well ahead of the standard check-in time of 12:00pm. How can they acceed to such a request when they were fully booked?). To compound the problem, the hotel lobby is woefully short of sitting space. There is only a single couch in whole lobby which may seat at best 7-8 people. The seating did exist on the far side of lobby but as a part of hotel's coffee shop. We did ultimately get the keys to our room after about an hour of waiting.The room was situated on the 11th floor and was of adequate size. The room was pleasant, elegantly furnished and well lit. The bathroom had a see through window but a blind could be lowered for privacy. A plasma TV, which could be seen through the bathroom also, was a nice addition. Though, the channels were rather limited. Bed and duvet were very comfortable. The air-conditioning was fine but the manual setting of temp. control always reverted to the default after some time. Coffee &amp; Tea supplies were not replenished regularily and we had to make repeated calls to get the supplies. The windows overlooked Rashtrapati Bhavan (President of India's official residence) in the distant background.Breakfast was served in Cafe Uno at the lobby level. There was a choice of indoor as well as outdoor seating. The spread was good, consisting of Indian, Chinese and Western cuisine. Service was okay but not exceptional. We had to wait for the omellete (which the chef told will be delivered at the table but had to eventually go and fetch ourselves after 10 minutes), then waited for the ketchup for another 10 minutes.The location is excellent. It is in the city centre, close to the famed Lutyens area of New Delhi (Connaght Place, Parliament, Rashtrapati Bhavan etc.).Overall, during our stay, we felt there was room for improvement in service. It may have been an isolated case, going by earlier reviews (or our expectations may been more because of those same reviews). The hotel itself is top class and exudes a cosy and warm feeling. It can definitely do with a bit more of lounging area in the lobby.	
Nov 7 2006 	Highly Recommended!	I was in India for a friend's wedding last Jan and had stayed at the new Shangri-La New Delhi with my fiance. The hotel property was the usual very nice Shangri-La 5* style. Plasma TV, comfi bed, nice shower etc (see photos). There are also lovely restaurants and bar at the hotel. The selection at the breakfast buffet was excellent - perfect place to try out all the local food if you are worried about the cleaniness on the street. We were actually there over the New Year and the hotel had given us a lovely chocolate plate as welcome amenity. Very nice touch. I'm not quite sure about the location (only know that it's in the city centre) since we always travelled in cars/taxi when we go out anyway. Recommended to all 5* international hotel chain travellers. This hotel will meet your expectations.	
Oct 23 2006 	service service service	Our travel agent booked us two nights to start our tour of India. Perfect service, nice room, this is a quality hotel. The staff of this hotel has obviously been well trained. The breakfast for wonderful and we had a great dinner in the fine dining room. I had expected dinner to be more costly at a 5* hotel but it was well priced. (it was expenive by Indian restaurant standards) Wine in India is very expensive so stick to beer. A great hotel for either business or pleasure.	
Sep 22 2006 	Five Star All the Way	I visit New Delhi fairly often on business. I have stayed at most of the five star properties in the capital city of India. Shangri-la is the latest addition amongst the five star properties here and it does seem to be a threat to others. The staff, the service right from reception, housekeeping to restaurant and the quality of food served are absolutely top notch. I stayed just for a night in a room on the horizon club floor (17th to 19th). The view from room was fantastic. The airport pick-up was perfect so was check-in. At the time of check-in the front office staff on the club floor would hand in a letter containing the list of services to be offered to a guest in a horizon club room. The room is functional with transparent bathroom with top class amenities (Aigner soap, nail cutter, etc.) Breakfast at club lounge is quiet but filling with choice of hot and cold stuff. For a better spread one would have to visit the ground floor coffee shop. During my entire stay I did not find any fault at all, the staff was always prompt and efficient. Therefore, I am going to return in future and would recommend this place to business travelers for its heart of town location and business facilities within.	
Sep 22 2006 	What a Hotel	It all started at the airport with the arrival of a wonderful Toyota Camry. While passing the parliament on the way to the hotel the driver called and said we were reaching. A lady was waiting at the door and escorted us to our horizon club room where the check in process was completed. The coffee shop is the best I have eaten at and the lounge facilites are very very good.Overall the best hotel ive stayed at in India after the ITC Sonar Bangla Sheraton. I would love to stay here again and look no further in the city of Delhi	
Sep 20 2006 	Wonderful	We had a brilliant time at the Shangri-La. Got a good deal on the internet the night before (£85) a night. The hotel is beautiful and the staff are so helpful. You are treated like royalty!  The food in the restaurants is amazing and very cheap compared to UK prices of similar standard, however expensive for India.Our room had a good view of delhi's main attractions and the room was very comfortable and had everything you could possibly need.Beware of the rickshaw drivers who pounce on you as soon as you walk out. We just wanted to go to the ATM across the road and they wanted to take us for 5 rupees! If you use a rickshaw or taxi insist they use their meter. There is a taxi company around the corner if you find the hotel taxis too much.We booked an all day tour of old and new delhi sights at the hotel. It was 900 rupees per person. May have got it cheaper if we had gone to Connaught place where there are more choice of tours but we were short of time. The guide was excellent, the bus was air-conditioned and we really enjoyed it. No matter who you go on a tour with, you will be taken to souvenir shops who give the guides a commision. However we only stayed 20 mins in the shop and had free drinks and no-one minded that we didn't buy anything despite their initial efforts.I would definately stay here again as long as I got a good deal of course!	
Aug 1 2006 	Loved the Shangri-La	Stayed at the Shangri-La for 4 days and it was marvelous!Having stayed in other 5 star hotels in India for work, I wasn't very impressed until I came to the Shangri-La. They definitely kept their standards high. Service was great, the restaurants were fantastic, rooms very chic and modern, and a great location. The hotel grounds although small, were nicely done and it was very quiet even though it was right around the corner from the hub of all of Delhi. Also, after a hot crazy day of sightseeing, shopping etc, it was a delight to come back to our room at the hotel. If i do come back to Delhi, this will be the only hotel i'd stay in.	
Jul 17 2006 	Great hotel	Stayed in the Shangri-La Hotel for 8 days and had a great time. Allthough the hotel is located in the centre of Delhi it is quiet and really an oasis of rest after a stay in the city. The Spa is great, employees are very friendly and helpfull. Food in both restaurants is really good and very safe. Internet connection is also very good.The only minus has been the absence of filter coffee.	
Jul 7 2006 	Best Sleep	Being used to living out of a suitcase &amp; more familiar with airport loungesaround the world than unfortunately my own home, as a business traveller... I've come across a lot of wannbe hotels.After HongKong , this was my second stay at the S La &amp; found the beds to be so comfortable in this new property that without doubt they have invested in probably the best.Good , they do not need to hype it up like the heavenly bed &amp; all .. just understated, chic &amp; subtle.They just need to cut down on the Tariffs but then , I've found most of the Indian Hotels expensive.	
May 19 2006 	Loved It	I highly recommend staying here. The staff was extremely courteous and professional. The servers at Cafe Uno knew exactly when you needed a refill on your drink without you having to ask or wave them down. The hotel room was clean and modern with a flat screen tv and you could watch tv thru your bathroom window. The view of Parliament from my room was amazing. I only wish to stay longer than a weekend next time.	
May 12 2006 	Luxury 	The Shangri-La Hotel provided a stylish and surprisingly quiet retreat at the center of the city. (And yes, for a price!) Although the featured photo of the hotel isn't too prepossessing in my opinion (I hardly recognized the place), the rooms and lobby are decorated in soothing neutrals, warm woods, and cool stones. Our standard room was comfortable and luxurious, and the service throughout was excellent, with the possible exception of a harried concierge who gave me some misinformation about the National Museum's hours -- perhaps because the primary clientele here seems to be the business traveler. But the staff were consistently friendly and helpful; even over the course of a relatively short stay, the doormen came to recognize us and treated us warmly, and when I expressed a desire for an early lunch during what were, technically, still breakfast hours, the restaurant staff cheerfully obliged. Our two meals at the hotel restaurant, which faces the enclosed garden, were both exceptional. Their Indian selections seemed to reflect a slightly Europeanized or pan-Asian influence in presentation and preparation, but this wasn't watered-down cooking -- the flavors were intense and interesting. There was also an enormous &amp; lavish buffet during lunch, with a range of foods available, including a delectable-looking platter of French cheeses, should you want something non-Indian.	
Apr 17 2006	Simply splendid	We arrived at the shang-la late at night as our flight was delayed bt checkin was very smooth. The attitude of the staff was excellent even at 2a.m. the had a smile on the face and we happy to answer the few questions that i had. we requested for a late check out and they gave itto us ver willingly. we pair 165US$ ++ for a room and since we are golden circle members we got the horizonclub room which was nice. It had plasma tv in the room. The hotel provides free drinking water(himalayan brand) but do not worry if you are not sure if this brand as they also have evian that comes at a priceThe room is smaller than the rooms at Island shangri-la and so is the bathroom but it was okay i still enjoyed my stay The toiletries in the bathroom was very different from other shangri-la's that i have stayed They have a nail clipper and a shower foam sponge too The bathroom has a window and you can actually watch they other person in the bathroom (not sure why they did it though) but do not fret as there is a blind that you can utalise for your privacy. I was very impressedThe breakfast is like any other shangri-la breakfast buffet - huge variety and if you say you had nothing to eat - i would sya that you are a liar Tried out the orienal avenue restaurant and the food was delicious The beancurd(tofu) was good. However, they did have to make it a little fusion to cater to the local taste buds Tried cafe Uno for the indian food and it was excellent except that the food went cold very fast (spoken to the hotel about it and they are looking in to it)We had pre dinner drinks at the lobby and i found the service there very friendly....the day was veryhot and i had a bleeding nose and the waiter suggested i try fresh lime soda and it did make me feel better.The hotel does have a car that can pick you up at the airport at the price of US$51 - do not freak out at the price as it is a BMW 7 series the latest model The concierge are extremely friendly. My husband bumped his head as we were leaving and they ran and got ice and a towel for him. They have staff everywhere and they are so helpful.......they make you feel like royalty.....jokes aside.This hotel doesn't do indian weddings which is a blessing in a way as they can get extremely noisy with the band and the mare and elephants and all .(i have experienced it at another 5* hotel in new delhi)My overall stay was excellent. I would recommend this hotel to everyone.......as for price....well eveything does come at a cost and i would say it was worth every penny.	
Apr 13 2006	Fabulous place - a stylish and efficient refuge	We stayed here for the first two nights of our holiday, and again on our last night before flying home. We paid around $167 per room per night inc. breakfast (booked over the internet) and this was absolutely excellent value. The hotel is huge, spotless and attractively designed. There are staff everywhere and they are all extremely helpful; the concierge, porter and door staff are all very efficient. The rooms are a reasonable size and are extremely well designed and equipped (e.g. good lighting, plasma screen TVs, tea and coffee making facilities, fresh fruit plate, plenty of toiletries, towels and robes). The whole place exudes an atmosphere of calm and efficiency - very welcome after a morning or afternoon spent at large in Delhi!The breakfast buffet is one of the best I have encountered, both for the range and the quality of the food on offer. We ate in the 24 hr cafe in the early hours of the morning and the food then was mixed; we had a late snack lunch in the bar and that was very nice. Bar and food prices are high by Indian standards but not by western ones, and certainly not for a hotel of this standard.The hotel is well located, within walking distance of the shops etc. at Connaught Place and also the metro station at Patel Chowk (but note: to reach the first you walk past a long line of stalls and stores - and beggars - all after your business; to reach the second you have to cross a main street through the Delhi traffic, which is a scary experience!). My single word of caution on this place would be: beware the hotel car - we were told a transfer to the airport in it would cost 2200 rupees (just under £30) while a standard taxi, called by the hotel and properly metered, was only 350 rupees. Sure, the hotel's car is nice - but not that nice! Overall, I can't recommend this place highly enough. I was already a fan of Shangri La hotels before my stay (we've used them in Sydney and Singapore before) and I'm an even bigger fan now!	
Mar 21 2006	Deffinately lived up to our expecations	Stayed here for our first two nights of trip and everything met with our expectations of the Shangri-la Group. Our room(upgraded to a suite)was absolutely fabulous, a real treat when you arrive in the early hours of the morning. Service was friendly, only one reason for not marking it excellent is that it was a little quiet, which could be that it is a new hotel. Can't comment on resturants as we never ate in	
Mar 6 2006	Absolutely Brilliant	Stayed a night at the Shangri la after having spent a terrible night in the Janpath Hotel next door. I would definately recommend the hotel it is absolute luxury your every whim is catered for and they have thought of eveything. It is by far and away the best hotel I have ever stayed in. The only slight negative is the price	
Jan 9 2006	New Hotel	Stayed here Jan 06 and found the hotel very good. The staff and service was very good as well as the food. We usually ordered room service and it was delivered promptly and was very reasonable. The men's health Club is quite state of the art however the women's health club is yet to be finished so that was quite disappointing. Better check if you want the health club facilities for women dont know when this might be completed. Everything else is quite good. Highly recommended.	
Dec 21 2005 	Best Hotel in India by far		
Dec 13 2005 	The best in Delhi		
Dec 8 2005	Thought it was great		
Dec 7 2005 	service - huge room for improvement		
Dec 1 2005 	Great Breakfast!		
Nov 18 2005 	Luxury hotel which is not up to the mark yet...		
Nov 17 2005 	New Hotel with Huge Potential		
Oct 31 2005 	Luxury amongst the Chaos		
Oct 30 2005	Bad services poor ambience		
Oct 25 2005 	Not quite 5 star - yet		
Nov 23 2009 	New delhi		
Oct 21 2009 	?????		
Sep 26 2009 	?????????????????		
Sep 12 2009 	lujo		
Apr 3 2009	bruillant		
Sep 20 2008 	Non un 5 Stelle		
Jun 25 2008 	hotel decevant		
Mar 13 2008 	Perfektes Hotel		
Jan 9 2008 	raffinement asiatique		
Mar 24 2007 	Shangri La eine gute Adresse!		
Aug 9 2006	Shangri-La Delhi ottimo ristorante		
