Jun 6 2009	Comfortable stay	if u wanna live in delhi close to the airport and closer to gurgaon then it is a good place to stay.....comfortable rooms.	
Oct 13 2008 	bad worst	hiThis hotel is quite close to airport but hotel is really bad, customer service is bad and they have no proper manner, not up to the standard not a 4 star hotel. hotel rooms are very bad. ho heater no proper AC. bathroom is really bad, very very small and dirty. they didn't bother to clean it. couldnot even open the window as the passer by can see inside. it ruined our honeymoon trip as we didn't expect delhi 4 star hotel to be like this not worth even star. food was bad. people in the hotel were bad and not friendly. did not fulfill our requirments even after asking them n number of times. this was the only hotel horrible in our honeymoon as rest of the hotel we booked turned out to be excellent.	
Aug 20 2007 	Try to find another hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights waiting for transfer to Cochin and by our travelagents mistake 2 nights more on the way back to Sweden. It was very run down, dirty bathrooms and with a sad looking staff working there. The descrition on the hotels website is far away from the true experience, be prepaired to be unable to sleep the nights you stay here. The hotel are built like a echo chamber, every little noise from the rooms or the reception (phones, staff make dishes/cleaning middle of the nigth) go straight into your room. There was bad smell in our rooms, no windows and very dark inside. Actually we felt ill from staying here, and felt better as soon as we had a possibilty to leave the hotel. As we staid during monsoon season we where worried that the roof should fall down, as huge amounts of water was pouring straight through the roof covering the eco chamber outside the rooms. So our advice: try to find another hotel in Delhi, the only favourible thing to say is that the hotel are very close to the airport, wich make it possible to make sure to be able to cach your departure even if the monsoon have hit Delhi badly (as it had upon our leaving).	
Apr 25 2007	A basic hotel	Delhi has gone haywire with hotel pricing, so what you could get for a small budget even a year ago can not be found today. The Westend Inn is a very basic hotel. It's generally clean, but make sure you get a renovated room on the side across from the pool. Some fixtures (like the soap dish in the bathroom) are broken, but the bed is comfortable, sheets are clean, the phone works, there's a tv, etc. Westerners should keep in mind that this is India, what you might get in the US is not going to be the case here-no bathtubs for example. The hotel staff speaks limited english (be prepared for that in in India in general) so if you want something complex, the only answer you'll get is yes, but you won't really get what you want. The wifi is a joke-it didn't work for the majority of the time we there, but then again this is an India issue in general. The rooms on the second floor have better wifi reception. The business center is not a business center and again internet only sometimes work. The westend inn is not as horrific as some other reviews make it out to be, but don't expect a 5 star experience, don't expect a US 3 star experience either for that matter either. And regarding mosquitos, you're in India, they are going to exist and if it's rained recently, they are going to be out in force. Don't open your windows and ask for the repellent plug in you see advertised all over India.The food is pretty decent here and cheap. Room service is not so great-food was terrible, but the buffet at the restaurant was good as were several of the other items we ordered off the menu. All in all, a decent experience.	
Mar 2 2007	Stay Away!	Very bad experience. Stay away. Hotel employees kept asking for tips and wouldn't leave the room until i've paid them. More specifically, I called the hotel desk to arrange a taxi to the airport because i thought a hotel arranged taxi would be more trustworthy. When i got to the airport, the Taxi driver asked for 300 Rs. I knew it should cost less than 150Rs to the domestic airport because i came from there the night before. I gave him 200 Rs. The next thing i heard is that the hotel charged an additional 300 Rs on my roommate 's bill when he checked out for this taxi service.	
Feb 17 2007	Favourable	I have recently returned from Delhi where I visited along with some 40 others as part of a cricket tour.Before leaving we were all alarmed at the reports on TripAdvisor.However after our stay of some 10 days the reports were generally unfair.Our party found the Hotel clean and well maintained (some building work is in porgress to part of the building) and the staff to be very courteous and helpful.The reports about airport noise are clearly wrong.The only downside is the location which is isolated from other facilities and involves an adventure in the Delhi traffic.	
Dec 23 2006 	Avoid if possible	Stayed here for one night en route back to the UK. I didn't pay for the room myself, but was aware of how much it cost. For the price, I have to say I was expecting a lot better.Start with the positives: room was spacious, and the marble floor gave a sense of luxury. Then the negatives: the furniture was a little bit worn, and somewhat dusty. The bathroom was very poor, the walls had patches of mildew and the fittings were covered in limescale. The toilet, even though it had the &quot;sanitary seal&quot; on it, had clearly not been cleaned with a toilet brush. The windows were covered in dust.However, the worst problem was the noise. The room overlooked a small internal courtyard that was being used as a &quot;utility&quot; area, and the staff were washing dishes late into the night. I put up with this, despite being woken up by the noise at 1230AM and about 115AM. When it happened again, at 230AM, I called the reception. The attitude of the duty manager (I think) was not helpful; he suggested that I was imagining things (I could see the pile of washed crockery out my window), and then said he was &quot;socked&quot; (sic) that this happened etc. At 230AM, with a flight to catch the next day, I came close to &quot;socking&quot; him myself :-) I saw him go down there, and things quietened down, but started again at 7AM.For what it's worth, a colleague stayed in the same hotel a few days earlier and found it fine. There are apparently &quot;old&quot; and &quot;new&quot; rooms, maybe I got the old rooms.	
Dec 11 2006 	Nightmare	Missed a flight out of Delhi airport and scrambled for a place to stay. Airport staff pronounced this &quot;Westin&quot; -- imagine my surprise! A true nightmare. I had to laugh that they called the room I got a &quot;super deluxe suite.&quot; The shower was made of three glass walls that joined with about an inch gap between them AND NO CAULK. A shower flooded the place entirely. Internet did not work. Guests were hoodlums. Food at the restaurant was abysmal. I'm pretty sure there were fleas in the bed. Took them 2h to send a car to the airport to get me, and every time I called they said it would be there in 5 minutes. Stay away!	
Oct 17 2006 	Worst Service Worst rooms Avoid at all costs	We stayed here because a travel agent booked us in saying it is a 4 star.1. Check in was pathetic, they always give a bad room first. They will change to better room after you complain.2. They will say no payment was made by travel agent; but that was not always the case &amp; makes your checkout longer.There seem to be preferential treatment to foreigners for some odd reason.	
Oct 12 2006	Fewer stars than you might expect!	We were part of a British group booked into this hotel for two nights while touring Delhi. This was a change from our original hotel itinerary in the Delhi area -- and it was somewhat disappointing. On the plus side, it is close to the airport. But in most regards it is not up to strong standards if you are looking for a four or five star hotel. This is two or three stars in Paris at best (and yet it is far from any tourist sites and shopping). The dining room food was adequate, although some in our group went hungry (not liking the few choices). Breafast selections especially were limited. The pool is fine and lovely in the afternoon, but sunset does bring mosquitoes (be sure to have and use your spray). The English language is a challenge for some of the staff, so communication can be humorous or frustrating. The property itself is not bad and has potential. However, some aspects of the rooms are rundown and needing more diligent and regular ongoing maintenance. The hotel is in three buildings. One has a lift, the other two (on two floors each) do not (just so you know). Overall, this hotel was a disappointing ending to our week in India -- our other hotels, in Agra and Jaipur, had been so very much nicer, cleaner, and better run.	
Apr 22 2006 	Nightmare. Avoid at all cost	I am an Indian living in the US. I am extremely patriotic and proud of India. But this is not about India, just a WARNING about this hotel.I was transiting via Delhi and had to spend the night. The airport counter recommended this hotel and gave me a ride to the place.- Check in went on well- Noticed a party going on in one of the rooms with loud music and over 50 guests and called the front desk if they knew about a party and when it would end. The sound was reverberating since the rooms were all facing an open center area and the volume was way up on the powerful sound system.- Response: &quot;No we don't, there is no party&quot;. (Hmm that's an odd response right?? )- By around 10:30 PM it was getting louder and the children were running around knocking on doors waking people up.- This triggered a whole bunch of guests (mostly people transiting and spending just the one night weary and tired) to come out of there rooms and complain.- Now the staff said they knew about a scheduled &quot;Reception party&quot; in one of the rooms and did not let people know during check in and that they cannot ask the people to reduce their noise &quot;since they were in their room&quot;.For crying out loud, there are over 50 people spilling out of the room, loud music reverberating and children running around knocking on all doors.Its very odd that a hotel would ignore all their guest for a party. It may very well be that they got a whole bunch of money for it, but shouldn't a hotel of this standard live up to it. The party went on till well over 2:00 AM. In spite of guests complaining and simply too tired from their travel do walk out of the hotel.Now don't even get me started on the service at &quot;breakfast&quot;, where there were over 8 staff helping around 10 guests, where two of them were ganging up on an American guest for taking a second cup of coffee. Apparently each time you take anything, they need to note it down and put it on your tab.Back at the airport, I asked the same counter which recommended this place and found that a lot of people have bad experience at this place and that they are forced to recommend this place since the owners are politically connected.Now i truly believe that all the &quot;Stars&quot; that this place may have or get, is all because of the political connections.	
Apr 22 2006	stay away	very run down, dirty and mosquito ridden - don't believe the non-smoking policy, there are no non-smoking rooms and they all smell of stale cigarettes. The front half of the attached building is collapsing, half demolished, looks like an earthquake zone. Definitely not 4* quality but if you can get a really, really cheap deal it's manageable for one night. Buffet was disorganized but OK. Yes it's close to airport but nothing else is.	
Nov 11 2005	Worse hotel experience in 20 years...	On the basis of description found on the web, I expected to have 2 relaxing nights in a hotel with small garden and swimming pool. In fact, the only positive facts about it are: (1) it is close to the Airport (indeed, you hear the planes) and (2) it has a swimming pool (which you may not need so much if your aim is to sleep...). In short, a collection of the worst imaginable:- doors are paper thin, and windows have single pane which, as the hotel is next to a major highway, means constant traffic noise, and full 'perception' of hotel noises as well - in fact, we did not sleep for more than 50% of the nights we spent there...- staff is at best strange, usually fully dismal: receptionist not really speaking English (understands AM for PM and therefore your airport pickup is not there, for instance) - also loving to wash the floor and clean the rooms in the middle of night, preferably making as much noise as possible in the process, and speaking really loud, so you have no chance to sleep- sub-optimal food- particularly gloomy court for dinner and breakfast- not-so-clean bathrooms- no customer service and attention,- and the cherry on the pie: our second night, a drilling rig was operating (a large one, to dig a deep well) just 10m from our bedroom - at 8pm I called: 'will stop in 5 minutes', at 8:30 'will stop in 1 minute', at 9 I called the manager, at 9:15 I went to fetch the manager myself and drag him literally to the rig, at 9:15 I had to bring the manager again, and finally at 9:30 the rig stopped operating...the staff that said 'it will stop in xx minutes' not only did nothing, but did not even check - they just replied this to keep us 'happy' -in short, I did not believe it could get that bad, particularly at that price. STAY AWAY BY ALL MEANS!	
Mar 28 2005	Stay Away	The tour company I used booked me here for my first night in Delhi. I was appalled. There were mosquitos in the lobby, and the entire place looked like it was falling apart. The walls were stained, the pool had no water in it, and the bedsheets were visibly dirty. The towels were gray, there was no shower curtain (though the curtain rings were still hanging), and I felt it necessary to shower in flip-flops. The only bright spot was the inexpensive internet access that allowed me to look up alternatives for my return to Delhi later in the week.	
Feb 22 2007	Sehr schlechtes Hotel!		
