Nov 22 2009 	A Secure Starting Point for your Trip to India	I stayed here as the first of many hotels on a 14 days trip in India. I had booked this hotel since it had a good rating here on Tripadvisor and because I had read that other travellers had received help in putting together a complete itinerary. I may not have been complete firm on where I wanted to go, but the plan that I ended up with backed by help from Shanti Home proved not to be as fantastic as I had hoped for. Moreover, I booked a car with driver to take me through Rajastan for 4 days, which in retrospect proved to be comparatively pricy. Restaurant is good, rooms are nice and clean. Location could be better. Free internet.	
Nov 22 2009 	Excellent hotel in perfect location would recommend!	The welcome is one of the best I have ever received. The staff are extremely pleasant and helpful. The staff on reception helped us to plan a day in Delhi, detailing routes and sites to see, along with how much the transport should cost. The tube is conveniently close and Shanti Home, they even sent someone with us the first time to show us where it is located.The rooftop restaurant has a beautiful atmosphere and delicious food, the staff were again very helpful and met all of our special requests.The rooms are comfy and clean, the only addition which would be nice is a TV in the room. There is however a very comfortable TV room, library, WI-FI and access to a computer with the internet.I would definately recommend this hotel and hope to stay here again in the future!	
Nov 22 2009 	Superb hospitality and assistance	We stayed with Shanti Home on four separate ocassions during our recent visit to India. It is located on the west side of Delhi on a residential side street back from the main road and is very convenient for both airport. Husband and wife team Rajat and Sanjana run this hotel and the front desk is headed up by the remarkable Pooja. Thank you Pooja for accomodating us at very short notice (due to a 7-hour train delay which culminated in us missing our flight to Varanasi) and also for re-booking our flights with a &quot;service&quot; charge. We stayed in the following rooms: &quot;Benares&quot;, &quot;Kashmir&quot;, &quot;Bombay Talkies&quot; and &quot;Oh Calcutta&quot;, the latter being the largest room in the hotel and faces the very busy Jankak Puri road) &quot;Bombay Talkies&quot; had a jacuzzi bath. Our favourite rooms were &quot;Benares&quot; and &quot;Kashmir&quot;, purely because they were a little quieter in the mornings, but hey, you don't come to India for a lie ins do you!The delightful rooftop restaurant serves both Indian and international dishes and food is available 24hrs/day. Food from the tandoor is available in the evenings only. The restaurant staff were charming and services was excellent - chairs lifted in/out for you, fresh tablecloths used each time, torches available for those who needed a little help reading the menu! As well as the large bottles of Kingfisher and iced glasses there was also a selection of local wines - would recommend the Sula sauvignon blanc. This was 1600 rps a bottle - relatively expensive as beverages go, but hey, India is not known for it's wine consumption so it's not surprising and we did pay 1000 rps more for the same thing in Agra!Unfortunately we were not around long enough on each visit to avail of the spa facilites but did use the complementary, modern, internet facility.There is a metro station about a 10 minute walk away and although the metro itself was very clean, I wouldn't advise anyone that doesn't have a very strong constitution (and preferably no sense of smell) to atttempt to walk it!Make no mistake, if/when we are next in Delhi, Shanti Home is where we will be heading to rest our weary heads - it was truly delightful.	
Nov 19 2009 	Comfortable stay	The rooms are small, but comfortable and clean - enough hot water. We enjoyed the atmosphere of the rooftop restaurant. The food is good, but plain and we would have enjoyed a bit more variety and more typical Indian food. The staff was very friendly and the managers were attentive. While the metro to Conought place takes about 20 min plus 5 minutes walk to the metro - we found this not too bad, as the metro is clean and efficient. We had to leave early in the morning and good coffee and breakfast even at 4 am ! The owner is very caring and helpful regarding any questions one may have.	
Nov 19 2009 	Awesome Hotel	Dear Shanti Home,Once again, THANK YOU! for all your hospitality during our stay, I wish we could have stayed longer!!We arrived in Delhi @ 4:30 AM, and there was a driver waiting for us at the Delhi Cantt train station (I had previously asked which station would be closer to the hotel, and they suggested this one, which is not only 10 minutes away, but very quiet, excellent choice). Upon our arrival, I was expecting that we would have to sit on a lounge or waiting area until a decent check-in time, much to my surprise, they checked us in immediately and led us to our room (which was actually booked for that night), where we were able to rest and clean up.We had a cooking class at the hotel, and it was also memorable, everyone, from the Chef, to the servers was eager to explain what we were doing, and what we prepared we actually ate, and it was amazing!They were very good also guiding us on where to go, the metro station is only a 5 minute walk, and once you get the hang of it, the easiest way to get around to the important places. My wife also had a massage (which she still talks about!!!), and we were able to eat at their restaurant once more and hang out until 10:30 PM when again, a pre-arranged vehicle came to pick us up and take us to the airport.Having stayed at only 4 different places during our time in India, I have to say this was by far the best in service, cleanliness, and friendliness. Thank you again for everything!	
Nov 18 2009	best boutique hotel	shanti home is the best boutique hotel of new delhi.i loved the decor and atmosphere.everything was perfect.food was excellent.a really nice place to stay.amazing experience,warm ambience,nice service.definately a place to come back again.shanti home really made our stay unforgettable and a wonderfulpleasure.	
Nov 16 2009 	Oasis of India	My husband and I stayed for 2 nights at Shanti Home and enjoyed it from the first moment. Even though we had arrived very late at night we felt so welcomed. We got helpful tips how to do our sightseeing tour, e.g. what kind of places you should see fist and so on… and the next morning our driver got clear instructions so that we really could lean back and just enjoying our sightseeing tour. The staffs were friendly and helpful all the time without overdoing it. The breakfast and dinner was really delicious and the atmosphere of the roof garden restaurant was so pleasant. The room, we stayed in; the &quot;Bollywood&quot; room was tastefully furnished and it was nice, neat and quiet. The whole Shanti home is an Oasis and it was the best hotel we had stayed in during our 11 days India Journey. So, if you go to New Delhi, it is a must to stay at Shanti Home.	
Nov 16 2009 	Great food!	Good service, nice enough rooms - the highlight was the food!! It was absolutely beautiful and in a great setting too!	
Nov 15 2009 	a home away from home.....	My partner and I spent a few nights in Delhi and what a nice oasis this is in a very busy city! Friendly and clean place with very helpful and service minded staff, they really do make you feel welcome. Hotel is a short 5 minute walk away from Metro. It takes about 30 minutes into the city center but don't let that scare you off... one day in the center was plenty for us, we got a driever to take us to the sights in the city and belive me, after a day in Delhi this is a nice place to come back &quot;home&quot; to and enjoy a beer or some of their excellent food on their roof top terrace.My only &quot;negative&quot; comment would be that I must be a tad old, he he, as i could have done without the techno music for dinner. (or was it the fact that I expected some Indian background music??) At least the music wasn't too loud!I would absolutely recommend this place as well as stay here again!	
Nov 13 2009 	Amazing	The driver was waiting with a sign at the train station and we got taken to the Hotel where we were greeted by the most hospitable staff I have ever met. And we had a weekend where we were treated like Queens. The little Hotel is an oasis in the Big Busy City. And it was bliss to come back after a &quot;shopping day&quot; and be feed. The food and the resturant (on the rooftop) is absolutly worth every penny. The ambiance of the whole Hotel is SOOO lovely and homely. The owners have really put there heart into every little detail to make us feel cared for. The rooms were clean and had beautifull art work from around the world displayed. They have a tailor service that is the top of the line in any respect. Internet in every room and one in public area. If you need a local mobil phone you can borrow from reception. A car and driver at your service when you need it and they will arrange any tour for you. The only problem with our stay at Shanti Home was it was too short. Could have moved in there.	
Nov 5 2009 	We felt so looked after by the friendly staff- we couldn't have had a better experinece!	This lovely hotel is located a bit away from some of the main tourist spots but that is more than made up for by the comfortable rooms, the great restaurant and the fantastic staff. They sent someone with us to find the metro which is located very nearby so travel was no problem and they also gave great advice in helping us to visit various sites and shops. We had not realised but we were also visiting over Diwali, the festival of lights, and the rooftop terrace was just a perfect place to watch the celebrations and the special dinner for the guests was great. This hotel was defintitely the best of our stay in India.	
Nov 1 2009 	Friendly service modest rooms poor location	I organised one week business trip for ten people in Delhi. After the booking, Shanti Home contacted me several times before the trip in order to organise rooms and bus transportation during our stay. The staff in the hotel was very friendly; we got ealier check-in and excellent service in the restaurant with flexible opening hours and menus. The rooms are clean and quite modest: just a bed and a bathroom without any luxury. The best thing in Shanti Home is the friendly service and the weakest point is the location. The location does not matter that much if you just stay for a couple of days, but we stayed a week and ended up spending hours in a bus. The biggest disappointment for us was the bus service. I told beforehand that we need mini-bus transportation for our company meetings and Shanti Home promised to fix it. The bus driver was unfriendly and not at all familiar with business customers. He had difficulties in finding the places and he seemed to delibarately take longer routes. During our free time programme he did not listen to our wishes at all. The whole group felt more or less cheated and the problems with the transportation spoiled much of our trip. I was not satisfied with the way Shanti Home handled our complaiments either.I would recommend Shanti Home for tourists who stay in Delhi for just a couple of days, but not for longer stay or for business people.	
Oct 26 2009 	Just Fantastic!	This has to one of the best hotel experiences ever.The Shanti Home is a small (15 room) hotel situated in a quiet road in Janakpuri. It's a fair bit away from the city centre (allow 45 mins or, more realistically, 1 hour) by car but the Metro station is just a 5 minute walk away so you can be in Connaught Place/ New Delhi Station etc in about half an hour so it is, in realoity, as convenient as many other more centrally situated places. However, the Shanti Home is not about location - it's all about ambience, service, friendliness and great facilities. This place is a million miles away from the formulaic international hotel and a great deal more personal and laid back than the myriad of places that have jumped on the boutique bandwagon.Each room is individually designed. Rooms are good sized with all the amenities you would expect, although the wifi can be a bit tempramental. Add to this two nice lounges and a rooftop restaurant serving good food and you have all you need for a confortable stay.However, what really made this place for me was the attitude of all the staff from the owner down. Nothing was too much trouble; everyubody seemed genuinelly determined to make your stay as pleasant as possible. Travel arrangements were made efficiently (and at a good price), good advice was dispensed readilly and the offer of a (very) late check out was made before I even had to ask.We were lucky enough to be staying here over Dewali and the hotel laid on a great party with prayers, fireworks, food and wine all on the house.This is a definite will return to place if I am back in delhi.	
Oct 20 2009 	Shanti Home -- A Calming Experience in Frenetic New Delhi with Wonderful Staff	From the initial contact with the hotel requesting a car on short notice, (during the busy Diwali Festival), to the check-in process, to the room, the restaurant and overnight stay, everyone and everything lets you escape the fast pace of New Delhi. You feel as if in your own home, with everything seeming familiar and inviting. Good portions of tasty food at the rooftop restaurant. Everything worked; a slight technical glitch with the internet connection was promptly fixed. Requests to send a fax and print boarding passes were handled with aplomb. The car was clean and the driver was good. Asked for the same car and driver the next day as he knew the location of the office where my meetings were held. Although I had a very brief stay, will certainly stay here again. Only the location keeps Shanti Home from getting an &quot;Excellent&quot; rating. Shanti Home is indeed a peaceful place to stay in Delhi.	
Oct 17 2009 	Good except location	had a opporutnity to live here while on a 7 day trip to North India. While service is good, the location is not really convenient to travel to tourist places. Typically takes 1-1.5 hrs and thats not counting the traffic...There is a Hilton coming up somewhere close to this location so would be interesting to experience that too...	
Oct 14 2009 	Another gushing positive review =)	I booked this hotel based on the recommendations of other trip advisor reviews, and was thrilled with my experience at Shanti Home. Everything was fantastic: the pick-up service at the airport, the welcome, the a/c in the room, the comfortable bed and clean, well appointed rooms, the dinners and breakfasts, the trip to Agra to see the Taj... The hotel lent me a SIM card which they trusted me to return to them after ten days romping around in India, and even had adaptors ready for me. The free wireless internet is fast and convenient, and the massages offered by their spa (and the steam room) are a great way to relax after a day in crazy Delhi. The ONLY negative of this hotel is the location - plan on at least 1 hour by subway or 1-2 hours by car to find your way anywhere in Delhi. That being said, I wish I had stayed at this hotel on my return to Delhi. I stayed in three separate hotels in Delhi, and this was by far the best value and best experience we had.	
Oct 8 2009 	Shanti Home is an oasis in chaotic New Dehli	This boutique hotel is wonderful! Located in a neighborhood, rather than the 'touristy' area, we were able to see what daily life is like. They had day trip suggestions and arranged for everything. Their watch word is, &quot;no problem.&quot; Room Service was speedy and reasonable. The AC was nice and chilly, worked great. The restaurant was lovely and the 'western' breakfast was appreciated...eggs to order, toast, fruit and tea or coffee. ...then, we asked for an 'Indian' dish and they would bring a small sample for us to get our feet wet with the local cuisine. They have plenty of ice cold Diet Coke...a laptop hooked up to the internet to use any time. We were two women traveling alone and always felt safe and secure.	
Sep 27 2009 	Highly recommended!	We stayed in india for 10 days, moved around 5 hotels... SHANTI was our most favorite. It has a very cozy unique style, more personal than a big hotel and has the big hotel qualifications. Nice clean rooms, very helpful staff especially at the front desk. A nice restaurant on the rooftop, great food, friendly chef. The hotel has a lounge in each floor with flat screen TV and games to be played by groups. It makes it hard for you to leave the hotel and enjoy the outside. Very peaceful location at the same time a walk away from the metro station and the city buzz. Again, highly recommended. absolutely not one negative comment to say!	
Sep 24 2009 	Amazing place! Amazing staff!	Myself and my friend (early 20s females) stayed in Shanti Home for several days at the beginning and end of our month long trip in India. The hotel is beautiful-really, really comfortable with a real Indian decor. There's a licensed rooftop restaurant (quite rare in smaller hotels/restaurants), amazing lounges with flatscreen t.v and dvds and FREE internet on a laptop!! Also, there's a mini spa with massage, pedicures etc. We arrived in India knowing where we wanted to go but had nothing booked - the owner Rajat sat down with us for about two hours and booked all our trains and flights after advising us the best places to go-for this we are indebted to him as otherwise we'd had a lot of wasted time and frustration! ALL the staff there are so lovely-friendly, helpful and chatty. They all went the extra mile to help us feel as much at home as they could-they told us loads about them and their lives and helped us booked trips, hairdressers, places to go - one guy even walked us to the local metro station and paid for our ticket on our first day there!! The other owner Sanjana even called us after trip to see how we got on! We can't recommend Shanti Home enough - a really lovely place to stay and people who make your trip so memorable. Big hello to Sanjana, Rajat and Pooja!Claire and Maria - Ireland	
Sep 21 2009 	Shanti Home is a Refuge	As a first-time visitor to India, arriving between 3 and 4 in the morning after a long flight to Delhi, I was so comforted to see a man holding a sign with my name and “Shanti Home Welcomes You “. I was whisked to the Guest House and shown graciously to my large, clean, and very beautiful AC room. Late the next day Room Service brought me hot coffee and breakfast. We loved the roof top terrace restaurant where the chef will devise extraordinary specials just for you 24 hours per day. With its great comforts, incredible staff, and quiet location, I would recommend Shanti Home to anyonebut a strictly budget traveler. We loved it for 8 days…	
Sep 9 2009 	A wonderful boutique hotel	My husband and I had two stays at the hotel and felt at home the minute we got there.The hotel is in a residential suburb where you can see everyday life going on. It is near a busy road but even the front rooms facing the road have double glazing so noise is not a problem. It makes a pleasant change from the large hotels in the city.The staff are ever so helpful and friendly and assisted us with tips of where to shop and gave us maps. There is a good shopping mall/cinema complex only 10mins drive in an auto rickshaw which was also a great experience. We walked to the Metro (5mins) and were in Connaught place in the heart of the city in 1/2 hour. The two rooms and bathrooms were excellent and the food at the rooftop terrace was delicious. Thank you to Pooja, Adil, Raj, Tul and all the staff.	
Sep 9 2009 	A home away from home	My new born son and I stayed at the Shanti Home hotel for three weeks during August. Our circumstances were such that we could not visit tourist sites and were pretty much house bound. The management and staff at the hotel made our stay as comfortable as possible. It was exceptional service. Having travelled to India now many times with work and privately I have stayed in many establishments from luxury five star to overrated three star hotels. The Shanti Home is by far the best value for money hotel that I have stayed at. We will be back for sure.	
Sep 6 2009 	Number one for a reason	How to describe what Shanti Home is; reading some of the reviews, it is labeled as fantastic, great, must-stay, the best of India, etc. In a short way, what people said about this hotel is true, it is an excepcional place to stay in, but amidst everything I have read, there are a few things missing that I would like to share with everybody. I know it is hard to read so many reviews, which is why I suggest to check the video I made and edited that describes all the great things about Shanti Home; this is the only place I would do it for, in large part because what I treasure the most, is the human touch behind Shanti and it’s the least I could do for Rajat for being such a great guy. Go to photos and videos to check it out.The greatness of the hotel lies within the personal touch and the value of human relations as a way to win your heart; most big chain or luxury Hotels “try” this but you and I know it never feels as genuine, but here it does. The food, rooms, service, etc is exceptional but it is this human care the pillar as to why so many people enjoy it, myself included. There isn’t the amount of amenities that a Taj chain might be able to supply you, but that doesn’t matter, you will not need them. The rooms are clean, staff is fantastic, they help you with anything and Ahil, the chef, is a genious. I would seriously bring him here to my country and open an Indian restaurant if I could.Pooja, Rajat and Shanjana are th eones who hold this place together; the hotel is a bit far off Delhi, but it doesn’t matter, it is a great place. I hope you enjoy my video review and I hope you found it helpful.	
Sep 2 2009 	very sweet place amazingly helpful and friendly staff!	I stayed at the Shanti home a couple times during my stay in India. When you walk in the staff is there to welcome you with smiles, a flowers and a welcome drink. The ambience of the entire hotel is very peaceful and inviting. Pooja was so helpful with arranging transport and allowed me to leave luggage stored safely at the hotel for a month while I traveled around the country! The rooftop restaurant was excellent and the service very attentive! I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone and will certainly be back the next time in India!	
Aug 31 2009 	The Best Hotel in India	We were referred to the Shanti Home when initially planning our trip to India. We wanted to go all over Rajasthan and to Mumbai. They planned the entire three week trip for us. It was the best trip we've ever taken and surpassed all of our expectations. The Shanti Home, itself, is fabulous. The rooms are spacious and modern and the staff is extremely friendly. Our stay included many personal touches that made our experience extra special -- flowers on arrival, a welcome sign in our room, complimentary massages, and personal attention at the complimentary and tasty breakfast. Also, as an added bonus, the food in the restaurant was the best we had in all of India! AND - They invited us to eat our dinner in their TV room (comfortable couches, flat screen TV) while watching a Bollywood movie -- it was so much fun! Overall, we'd highly recommend this hotel to ANYONE considering a stay in India.	
Aug 29 2009 	They go more than the extra mile	We had 2 nights stay here - one at the beginning and one at the end of a motorbike trip over the Himalayas. On arrival at the hotel after pick-up following a night flight and very jaded, I discovered that I had picked up the wrong baggage off the carousel at the airport - oops - well they all look the same! Didnt faze the staff at all - they arranged a car and driver back to the airport to help out with the HUGE amount of paperwork involved in claiming the correct bag. Back to the hotel for a wonderful massage to calm down. After the bike trip we arrived at 10 at night with back muscle spasms following a suspect cracked rib after falling off the bike on a mountain pass. Immediately they arranged for a doctor who prescribed pain killers, they provided a hot water bottle whilst someone went out to get the pills and would not take a penny for it all. What can you say about that level of service? Cannot recommend this gem of a place highly enough - the staff are just superb. Thanks a million.	
Aug 27 2009 	True service from the heart!! Incredible Shanti!!	From the time we checked in till we departed after a 3 night stay we experienced true service. It is not a five star hotel but i assure you the service is better than any i have stayed at..and i have stayed at many. The food at the rooftop restaurant, the massage in the Spa and just lounging about in the lounges. It was a haven from the mad mad city that is Delhi and every evening we looked forward to getting back to Shanti Home.	
Aug 25 2009 	Best hotel experience throughout the trip	After several hours of air travel and a late night arrival, it was a welcome relief to come 'home' to Shanti Home. In the bustle and commotion of Delhi, Shanti Home, though a bit set back from the airport, is a true sanctuary. The staff was incredibly welcome, friendly and a comfort as a lone female traveler waiting for my friend to arrive the next day.Shanti Home was the first stop on a whirlwind month-long tour of North-Western India. That said, I had the opportunity to experience several (roughly eleven different 'luxury' hotels around India) and Shanti Home provided the best experience, food, staff, accommodations, far and away. I only wish I was able to stay longer.The staff was incredibly accommodating and I had the best tandoori chicken of my trip here. The Shanti Home also organized my trip throughout India. My main contact, Pooja, was responsive and everything went as smoothly as possible. I would certainly recommend Shanti Home to others and look forward to returning in the future.	
Aug 24 2009 	Nice place...but location matters!!	No doubt this place is nice and very clean, but....1. Delhi is a huge city (around 17 million people live there) and staying at Shanti Home will make you loose hours stuck in traffic jams or spending your afternoons on the metro, as this hotel is in Janakpuri, a suburb which is about 25 stops from Connaugt Place and most places of interests (and add a 10 minute walk in the middle of nowhere to reach the Uttam Nagar Eaest tube station from the hotel). If you have dinner in central Delhi getting back to the hotel can become a nightmare...no taxi driver knows where it is and all they can do is heading to Janakpuri and starting to ask everyone if they know a place called &quot;Shanti Home&quot;...on hour second night it took us almost 2 hours to reach our bed!2. Shanti Home is ridiculously pricey for Indian standards!! A standard room at a 5 star chain hotel (Oberoi, Lalit, Taj, etc...) does not cost much more than one of the best rooms at Shanti Home (a luxury room at Shanti Home is about RS 12.000 per night, while you can get a room at the Oberoi or similar places for around Rs 16.000, which will mean utmost luxury in the best places in town and not just a nice room in Janakpuri). I frankly don't understand why some reviews refer to &quot;good value for money&quot;...3. To be honest I think that those who call Shanti Home &quot;a boutique hotel&quot; have never stayed at a boutique hotel in their lives...warm welcome and decent rooms are not enough to make a boutique hotel. Have a look at the wash rooms in one of the luxury rooms at Shanti Home and I am sure you will not call them &quot;boutique&quot; (although they are very clean). Plus, I don 't think a &quot;boutique hotel&quot; can be without air conditioned in the common areas....getting out of our room was like entering a oven!!!4. Food is ok but nothing to dream about and the roof terrace is cute but, again, nothing special.In a word, Shanti Home is highly overrated and overpriced in relation to its location and to Indian standards.	
Aug 17 2009 	A true gem in the middle of Delhi	Like its name suggest Shanti Home has the quality of making you feel both at home and at peace in the midst of New Delhi's hustle and bustle. The staff is amazing, kind and professional; rooms are clean and beautifully organized. At time it felt as if the hotel became one of New Delhi's tourist attraction for me! When staying there do not skip any opportunity to eat in their rooftop restaurant. Beyond the amazing food it is also a very nice place to sit and relax. If you need to further deepen the Shanti feeling, do not leave before treating yourself with an Ayur-Vedic massage. By far the best thing about Shanti Home is the people who run the place, they will look for you and will help to make your trip in India a safer and easier experience. Enjoy your trip!	
Aug 17 2009 	Shanti Home - Our Delhi home away from home	We arrived in New Delhi with my sister, myself and my partner, and our newborn twin girls (7 days old!), to be greeted by extremely friendly staff, who were more than happy to take care of the girls while we sorted out the paperwork, and got ourselves relaxed after a very stressful time in Mumbai after the birth of the twins.It was an absolute joy to be able to relax in the beautifully furnished rooms, with staff on hand to help us with the girls as needed. They even let us rearrange the furniture in the room to a more suitable layout for us all - and were more than happy to fulfil our requests for a microwave and fridge in the room ... it was already there when we arrived!!! (We were there for 10 days afterall ...)The rooftop restaurant is a MUST!!! Head-chef Adil and his staff have created quite an extensive menu of beautiful food ... and were more than happy to accommodate our &quot;comfort food&quot; requests when we needed it. We can highly recommended the butter chicken, garlic naan and the tandoori lamb skewers ... Yummy!Sanjana and Rajat have staffed the hotel with a crew of extremely friendly and helpful staff. Nothing was too much bother for any of them ... and the staff all went out of their way to make our stay as peaceful and relaxing as possible.We highly HIGHLY recommend The Shanti Home for anyone staying in New Delhi. It's our new home away from home ...	
Aug 10 2009 	Amazing find...worth the credit its gettings	This place is an amazing place to stay, considering Delhi hotels and the word 'value' don't often feature in the same sentence! Top service (many of the staff are Nepali), beautifully decorated, clean and very nice food on the roof top restaurant.Only trouble I had was arriving late at night, the normal access road to the hotel is blocked but a locked gate and taxis need to go down a series of back streets to get there....my driver took a very long time to figure this out, and only after driving up and down the main road for over an hour asking people.Don't let that put you off...its stunning	
Aug 4 2009 	Human Warm Authentic Good Value	The seond time I stayed at the property, and I would go back again. I like the people very much, the rooms are big and clean and quiet, and the food is always good. I actually went back and stayed two more nights before I left India, and will stay there again next trip. This is an excellent value and does everything the big hotels do with a friendly touch. It's set in a residential quarter, so you see reality, not touristy stuff. And I never once saw a dog.	
Aug 4 2009 	Outstanding Delhi Boutique Hotel	My husband and I travelled to Delhi in April and we stayed 3 nights at the Shanti Home. I have written a review because I was extremely dissapointed to learn of a past review which stated the owners dog bit a guest. I find this extremely difficulty to believe as the owner and staff were nothing short of consummate professionals and it is unimaginable the owner had a large dog in the hotel.Here are all the positive qualities of the hotel:1. Clean and trendy decorated rooms2. Common rooms were beautifully decorated in local decor3. Restaurant on the roof top served incredible Indian cuisine with outstanding service4. The best of all was the staff. They were always helpful in arranging plans and providing sound advise. The only negative comment I can make is that the location was not central but this is not important as the air conditioned metro line is a block away and the hotel makes safe and secure transport arrangements if you require a car.I would highly recommend this boutique hotel to any one travelling to Delhi	
Aug 4 2009 	Impressed once again	Had a pleasure of once again staaying in Shanti Home during my short weeknd visit to Delhi. Shanti team were all delighted to see me as I was to once again see them.I got my favorite room when I arrived 3Am in the morning and the warmth of the team at 3am was exceptional. All needs were answered, warm cup of team before I went for my much needed beauty sleep, massage the next day and overall a fantastic stay.Chef Adil lived up to the mark and delivered the long craved for kebabs and nan which I needed to settle me in.Love it and looking forward to my next visit before the year ends.	
Aug 4 2009 	A jewel in India	Ignore the review after this and be guided by majority of great reviews. This is a truly wonderful hotel - one of the best I have ever stayed in, right up there with the Eastern and Oriental!As a single female traveller they looked after me from the moment I landed in Delhi. All arrangements were as promised and very professional. When I arrived at the hotel, (which is beautiful!) I was given a refreshing drink in the hotel reception before being taken to my room. The rooms are utterly gorgeous. So romantic - it seemed a waste that I was there alone!They have free internet and a fantastic restaurant on the rooftop where I was made a great fuss of and had some delicious meals. Pooja who runs the hotel is an absolutely lovely person and can't do enough to ensure you have a good stay.In fact, as I write about it, I am missing it all over again and would go back tomorrow! Do stay here, you won't regret it and it will be one of the highlights of your trip.	
Jul 23 2009 	stay away - the owner's dog attacked me at the reception desk - rabies and tetanus shots for me :((	This is a nice-looking hotel with nice rooms, but when I stayed here the owner's dog bit me while in the hotel reception. Really, it is a massive dog and it jumped up on my shoulders and tried to bite my face. I put my hand up to stop it and it chomped down on me. It was an unprovoked attack. What was the dog even doing there in the first place? Would you stay here if you had kids or family? I think not. Avoid this hotel at all costs.Rajit the owner told me not to worry about the bite as his dog had been vaccinated (!). Of course, as soon as I got home my doc recommended rabies and tetanus shots - 9 injections over 30 days. Great. And I have a mauled hand too, thanks to Rajit and his dog.My main gripe about this place is that the owner Rajit had no concern for my welfare and didn't check at the time to see if i was ok. He then gave me a crappy US$30 discount on the bill, but it's not the money. I really was appalled by his lack of concern at the incident. I had to ask him to come out of his office to discuss it. Stay somewhere else that doesn't have a crappy owner and [--] dogs in the foyer.	
Jul 13 2009 	Clean and Tranquil in the heart of Delhi. Better food than all the 5* places we went in India!	This was such a lovely place to stay at the start of our honeymoon. The staff are fantastic - they can't do enough and are lovely people. The rooms are beautiful and lovely and cool - with crisp clean sheets. The location is fine as Delhi is manic wherever you stay I think. The food really was fantastic - we stayed in some other 5* hotels in India during our trip and the food on the Lantern terrace was wonderful in comparison. It tastes of real India - you can taste the spices without them being overwhelming. The only thing we wished we asked for a change with was the car service around- we really would rather have had the hotel agree a higher daily rate not to have been driven to various shops - where you are coxed to buy things and forced upon various guides. But that wasn't really the fault of the hotel just something I think they could do for travellers to improve their stay. Overall we really loved it and would definately stay there again.	
Jun 13 2009 	Best hotel in new delhi	Welcoming, clean and comfortable.	
May 30 2009 	Ah... Air Conditioning...	Like many others, I needed a place to stay when arriving late and leaving early. This worked very well. Hotel was clean, comfortable (rooms were a bit small), great price, and -super air conditioning-. After a bad flight and a dose of Delhi heat, the AC was just what I needed to get some sleep.	
May 15 2009 	Comfortable Shanti Home	Having arrived late and leaving early the next morning we had a very short but comfortable stay at stylish Shanti Home. While it is reasonably expensive by Indian standards it is an attractive property with large rooms and very comfortable beds. It is also convenient for the airport if you have an early / late flight (c. 45 minutes drive from International / c. 20 mins to Domestic).	
May 11 2009 	Our best accommodation in India	Shanti Home was truly like a home away from home. All the staff were well informed and could help you aquire anything you needed from directions to tailoring, from site seeing to shopping. It was a wonderful, quiet, relaxing hotel with the best food we experienced in India. I'd like to go back to New Dehli just to stay there!!!	
May 8 2009 	A Boutique hotel with the family staff to match!	We flew from Mumbai to New Delhi with our newborn twins and really needed to be somewhere that was quiet, comfortable and service driven. We could not have been more delighted. The rooms were all simple, classy, classic Indian colonial style. Beds were big an comfy. Bathrooms big and hot hot showers. Staff went shopping to help us with all our baby supplies and we ate on the stunning rooftop restaurant every night. They organized cars to take us around the city, and the drivers were all classy gentlemen who looked after us. I can't recommend Shanti more highly. The attention to service, the warm but discreet staff made our stay memorable and Delhi a real treat!!!	
Apr 26 2009 	It is as good as the majority of reviewers say!	We stayed in the Shanti home on 10th and 11th April 2009. This is a lovely hotel. The staff are very attentive and do everything they can to help. The room was very clean and comfortable and the lounges are equally clean with great couches to relax on after the bustle of a day in Delhi. The decor throughout is beautiful.We were in India for 2 weeks and had some really nice meals throughout, but still none quite matched our first dinner here at the Shanti Home!While the hotel is not near the City centre (thank goodness) the Metro stop is just around the corner and easily he best way into the City. Quick, clean and an opportunity to meet the locals.Undoubtedly there are cheaper hotels available, but this is an excellent hotel and worth every rupee.	
Apr 25 2009 	Deserves its number one TA rating	This hotel was the first stop in our two week trip around Rajasthan and we just loved it.Pick up after a long flight was as arranged and when we got to the hotel at about 11a.m. we were so pleased that our room was ready. As referred to in previous reviews Puja is an extremely charming and welcoming hostess. Our room was spotless, had a great bathroom and the air con worked beautifully. The bedrooms on our floor were set around a very large well decorated and appointed lounge area. This had free internet , big squashy sofas and lots of books and mags. The roof terrace was also lovely but abit hot during the day.Dinner on the rooftop was a delight. The friendly chef came over and had a chat. We then told him what we would like to eat ( A , B and C) and he said , OK I'll give you D,E and F!! Needless to say his recommendations were spot on and the food was fantastic.The following morning , after a hearty breakfast the hotel's car took us off the the railway station for our train to Agra. We would highly recommed this lovely spot , Puja and her team do an awsome job at looking after guests from around the world and of course running a lovely charming hotel	
Apr 19 2009 	Island of Tranquility	We checked into the Shanti Home on the day of our arrival in Delhi for one night and again for one night a week later. We pre-arranged our airport transportation as well as a city transfer through the hotel, the cost of which was added to our bill, a big convenience. Our air conditioned room was clean and comfortable The only meals we had at the hotel were the included breakfasts which included a variety cereals, pastries and eggs cooked to order. The hotel is situated on a residential side street though is close enough to the main street that the incessant honking of vehicle horns can be heard in the distance. The hotel has a computer and printer available to guests which we found handy as we were able to print out our boarding passes for the next day's flight. We found that given the quality of the accommodations the price was quite reasonable for Delhi.	
Apr 18 2009 	Relaxing and comfortable stay	We made a recent trip with our 2 children and were pampered during the stay. The rooms were spacious and clean. The staff were very professional and attentive. The 24/7 restaurant was exceptional and convenient.This was one of the most pleasant experiences during our several trips to India. Would highly recommend Shanti Home.	
Apr 17 2009 	Disappointing	We stayed at the Shanti Home for a week in February which we chose based soley on the Trip Advisor reviews.We had arranged for the hotel to send someone to pick us up from the airport but they did not show up. Ordinarily this would not be aproblem but Delhi is probably the worst place in the world for this to happen.The staff were nothing short of superb and the food in the restaurant was delicious albeit quite expensive.The room was ok certainly not worth the money we paid. However the beds were the most comfortable I have ever slept in!I had some shirts tailored and the quality of these was nothing short of poor, I would not advise getting anything done by the tailor.The hotel does not accept American Express.All in all it was ok, but for the price, especially in India, it was extremely disappointing.	
Apr 16 2009 	A lovely oasis of calm in the chaos of Delhi	This is a very comfortable and friendly hotel with good sized, well furnished en-suite rooms. Our room and bathroom were kept spotlessly clean and all the public areas were equally well looked after. There is a pleasant roof top restaurant for breakfast or dinner and a round -the-clock room service menu - excellent in a small hotel like this. The hotel gives you free internet access ( we were charged up to 150rps per half hour elsewhere) and there is generally a really helpful atmoshere. We were upgraded to a better room without asking and the fact that we checked in at 3.30 am didn't seem to phase anyone (except me).The only snag and it seems churlish to mention it is that the hotel isn't particularly central - and Delhi is huge with very slow traffic. If you want to be right in the centre of the city look for somewhere else, if the location isn't too critical and you want a to stay somewhere pleasant and different to the chain hotels then try the Shanti Home.	
Mar 30 2009 	Friendly Service with a Smile	From my initial enquiry through to our departure from the Hotel the service we received was excellent. This is a little way out of New Delhi but the hotel is very clean, and comfortable. We stayed in the Oh Calcutta room which was large with a nice sized bathroom. We arrived early morning on the day of the Holi Festival and were treated as part of the Shanti Home &quot;family&quot; for the duration of the festivities.The rooftop restaurant provided excellent tandoori meals with a chef who was prepared to spend time discussing his recipes and techniques.Overall we spent an excellent two days at the hotel, the only disadvantage being the time to travel into Delhi Centre.	
Mar 27 2009	Highly Reccomended!	Great food, great service, everyone was friendly, rooms were spacious and clean with comfortable beds. I couldn't have been happier with my stay.	
Mar 25 2009 	Wonderful Hotel...assuming you don't mind a Metro Ride.	I was in India for about a month in February 2009 and stayed at Shanti Home on two different occasions for about 3-4 days. I found the hotel to be absolutely clean and the staff to be helpful and courteous. The food was surprisingly good as well. I had the lamb and chicken kabob (served with Dal Makhni) as well as a Chicken curry dish in addition to the free breakfast provided...and enjoyed it all. The food is a bit costly (but delicious), though the beer is cheaper than other hotels I stayed at. The rooms are nice and large and the bathrooms are clean and well taken care of (I stayed in Goa and Benarus). I had absolutely no issues contacting the hotel prior to arriving and was well taken care of. It might be in your interest to organize a taxi ride through SH (despite it being more expensive than the airport taxis) as I feel the Delhi prepaid taxis might have some trouble finding the Hotel. The only issue with the Hotel that is quite far from Central Delhi. The metro station is close (5 min walk) and rides are cheap, but it will still take 20-30min to get to Connaught. The internet is free, but not especially fast. I found that all the guests at the hotel were non-Indian and had wonderful conversations with many of them about what they had seen and done in India. This is one of the nicer places I stayed in India out of maybe 10 or so Hotels. I highly recommend it despite the poor location. There is also a bit of road noise, but I did not find it to be an issue.	
Mar 18 2009 	STAY HERE! A Slice of heaven	My wife and I were planning on staying in Delhi for one day before starting a loop through Agra and Jaipur ultimately ending up at Ranthambore national park. We had already been traveling through India for a week and had been through a couple of rough hotel experiences. We arrived at the Shanti home and immediately felt comfortable. Within an hour we decided we would stay another day. Then the next day we decided to stay another week. We liked the hotel so much that in the end we changed our entire itinerary and just did day trips to Jaipur and Agra and basked in the brilliance of the trip advisers that had gone before us.The staff is second to none. Polite and helpful are serious understatements. A+The rooms, because of our ad-hoc stay at Shanti Home, we changed rooms 3 times (because the place was booked), so we saw several of the rooms. The are all tastefully appointed and extremely comfortable. The only complaint we had was that the hot water heaters are small and in each room. This means that you only have about 5-7 minutes of hot water before it is gone. Once we figured this out, it was not a big deal. Overall - AThe restaurant was fantastic! We ate there several meals and each was delicious. I think we tried the majority of the menu and didn't find a single item that we did not like. By the end of our stay, we would just tell the chef to pick our meals for us because you couldn't go wrong. They will go very easy on the spice unless you tell them that you enjoy it. Overall A+The location is a mix. On one hand you are in a relatively peaceful area and away from the craziness of Delhi. On the other hand, you are away from the craziness of Delhi. The good news is that there is a metro station (the metro is brand new, clean and people are much more polite than any metro I have been to) less than a 1/4 mile away. The downside is that you have to walk through a pretty nasty market area to get there. It is by no means dangerous, but it can be a little unpleasant. The Shanti Home offered to have an escort go with us to the metro station, but we felt no need. It is well worth it though as a metro ticket will get you anywhere in Delhi for 15 rupees. Overall A-I cannot recommend Shanti Home enough. I would tell anyone going to Delhi to stay here. It may not be the mega-luxurious hotel that a Taj might be, but rupee for rupee the best hotel I have experienced in all of my travels (and my wife agrees).	
Mar 10 2009 	Perfect Little Hotel	We were delighted with this hotel. We arrived in the early hours of the morning and were greeted by very helpful and friendly staff. Our room, Kashmir, was very nicely furnished with a very comfortable, large double bed. The marble bathroom was effectively a wet room with a lovely powerful shower, albeit the water did go everywhere before draining away. Breakfast was served on the lovely roof terrace and there was an excellent choice. We also opted to have dinner there which was delicious. Our meal was freshly cooked infront of us in the open kitchen and the Tandoor oven. This was one of the best meals we had during our entire stay in Rajasthan. After dinner the owner came to chat to us and we took the opportunity of finding out about Indian wine. He recommended Sula Sauvignon Blanc and Grover Estates Cabernet Shiraz, both of which were on the hotel's comprehensive wine list and were not that expensive either.After dinner we made use of the very comfortable lounge to watch a DVD. On another floor there was also internet access and a small kitchenette for general use. The hotel is also just around the corner from the newly opened Metro station. This was a real plus as the journey time into the centre of Delhi was about 30 minutes compared to over an hour by road in the rush hour. All the staff at the hotel couldn't have been more helpful and their help was greatly appreciated in resolving a problem we had with another hotel reservation. We thought this hotel was exceptional value for money and won't hesitate to stay there again.	
Mar 7 2009	A stunning place to stay in!	This hotel is in a gated residential suburb area with a nearby gym, a new school and upper middle class flats.I had food poisoning when I was in Jaipur. When I arrived at the hotel with my mother, I stayed in the hotel room recovering whilst mum had supper in the restaurant. She enjoyed the food immensely and was surprised when the hotel manager/owner remembered that I was ill and suggested that I have hot chocolate so that the milk could line my stomach. That definitely worked. The service was excellent. The chef was an excellent cook! I had a cookery lesson with him and wrote down the ingredients and the steps needed to make his chicken curry sauce :) We ended up having the dahl and chicken curry for lunch. It tasted great!There is a living room with luxurious sofas and armchairs, a large flat screen tv with a dvd player, dvds for you to watch and space for you to learn how to play the indian guitar (s-tar?). There is a library on the upper level with beautiful sofas for you to lounge on and read the books. This is where the free Internet is found. There is also a kitchen if you would like to make something of your own. Even better, this hotel was not far from the new Metro station stop. This enabled us to quickly reach the city centre and go shopping. Whatever we needed, it was done. A taxi was booked to pick us up from the train station at about 10pm. We also hired a driver and car to take us to Agra. We had an Indian Aruveya massage and I found this weird. The woman will massive everything and I mean everything. If you do not like this, then you must tell the woman what not to massage! I would have given this a 5* rating but unfortunately, I found this hotel just too expensive for/by Indian standards. I would not pay this amount for the kind of hotel it is as I can find a cheaper hotel elsewhere in another country and still pay a cheaper rate, yet have a very good service at the same time. The owner knows that we, as tourists, are willing to pay for higher prices because of its reputation.Our bathroom in our deluxe room 'Pushtkar' needs upgrading. The cupboard was older than the hotel itself!Apart from the exellent service, the only thing that was free was the Internet. The hotel owner should offer free pick ups or complimentary drinks upon arrival. The funny thing is that if I stayed at a 5* hotel in Delhi, I'd be paying for the same price as Shanti's. Shanti Homes knows that it is the best hotel in all of Delhi. The prices should be dropped a little bit. Overall, I had a wonderful time and enjoyed this hotel more than any of the hotels I had stayed at while in India. I would definitely recommend this to everyone.	
Mar 4 2009	Liked this place	I have spend 3 nights in the beggining of our stay in India and then last 2nights. The hotel is very clean, cuisine delicious, the staff in reception is very helpful.We have arranged the driver befor our arrival, with whom we spent 10days.He was an exellent driver, not disturbing at all, always smiling...The only thing I didn´t like was the massage and steam bath. Massage isn´t professional, and they switched on the steam few mins before I went in, so the seat was cold and there was not enough steam as it should be.	
Mar 2 2009 	Full service hotel  and real value for money	Stayed here for four nights and enjoyed every moment of it. Outstanding service and great insider information on what to see and where to go in delhi.The staff went above and beyond to insure we were comfortable.Food at the roof top restaurant was amongst the best meals we had in India. We will surely be back.	
Feb 25 2009	Amazing Service	By far, one of the best hotel experiences I've ever had. From the greeting to the meals and impeccable service, I was made to feel like a VIP visiting family. It's a full service hotel with staff willing to meet any and all needs you have, whether it's a special birthday cake or henna tattoo artist, they'll make it happen.I can't imagine staying anywhere else whenever I am in New Delhi!!	
Feb 24 2009	Great Hotel with great service and an awesome cook.	Very nice place in what seems like a sketchy neigborhood, but safe because of the staff. The service is the most impressive thing about it, but the rooms and the bathrooms were all good.	
Feb 24 2009	Great staff food and rooms	The Shanti Home was a great place to stay. The staff was warm, welcoming, friendly and helpful. They really made the Shanti Home feel like home. The rooms were comfortable and clean. We really enjoyed dining on the rooftop- great food! I'd definitely stay here again!	
Feb 24 2009 	would do anything to visit again !!	Had stayed in Shanti Home , it was a new India for me and my family . Great experience . Very Friendly people!! Recommend to stay in Shanti Home while in Delhi but not anywhere else !!!!	
Feb 23 2009 	Wonderful service and great restaurant	Although this is not a central location, the service is excellent and the restaurant first rate (turn your palate over to the chef, and you won't be sorry!) Our room was clean and the bed was comfortable. We were on the reception floor, so it was a little noisy, but reception is being moved to the lower level, so that should be solved. Staff was very professional and very friendly, even though we were three hours late and arrived at 2:00 a.m. Hotel will arrange for airport pick-up for a very reasonable fee; don't pay the driver, as it is added to your hotel bill.Single and/or older women will be very comfortable here and will feel safe. The owner will visit with you at dinner and make sure that things are to your satisfaction.I had also stayed at a high-end hotel in Delhi, but Shanti Home was more to my liking.	
Feb 22 2009 	Overated	Shanti HomePros:-Food Great-Service GreatCons;-Rooms need repairs, paint peeling, water damage and lots of broken bits. My room &quot;Bollywood&quot; (a so called premium room) had a broken jacuzzi in it and never enough water to even fill it as a normal bath.Location is a long long way from center of Delhi.Bottom line for me is this place was way overrated on TripA.	
Feb 20 2009 	wonderful staff large rooms great food	wondeful place to stay, a little outside of town, but well worth it.had to leave for agra at 3:00 am in the morning, and the staff made me a full breakfast before I left.the owner made me a special dinner meal for dinner the night before because my stomach was a little unsettled.they run their place like a 5 star hotel, all so friendly, can not say enough	
Feb 15 2009 	I Wish I Could Live There	Again a litle late in writting this but we went there in Dec 08 and let me say that it was fantastic. It was sparkingly clean, the staff were extremly friendly and couldnt do enough to make our stay welcome. Its conviently located next to the metro - so travel into delhi is very easy.If you dont stay here then your missing out.	
Feb 11 2009 	The reviews are right	The reviews were exactly right -- warm, embracing, comfortable, rooftop restaurant quite fine and carefully maintained for visitors from abroad. The one drawback is the distance from town if you are traveling by car; but the metro is half a kilometer away or less, and avoids Delhi's awful traffic. So have them bring you from and take you to the airport, and then use the train and taxis from in town to get around.The setting perfectly captures Delhi's contrasts. The hotel itself is on a quiet side street, little noise and pleasant walking. By the time you get to the metro you are in the heart of teeming Asia, rickshaws, street markets, noise and all.	
Feb 7 2009 	Listen.... I'll say this only once - if you want the best - STAY HERE !!	The reviews of other travellers extoll the virtues of this particular Hotel - the owners and staff treat you as family not guests. Firstly - I need to apologise - I stayed here in Oct 08 and I'm slightly late in detailing how the Hotel made my stay one of the best experiences in India I've ever had. Don't waste your time looking at other establishments - you've stumbled across one of the better places to stay - and don't be afraid of booking direct with the Hotel - the owner personally will respond.I can recommend the accomodation, the food, the staff and the service - if you want to feel at home in India and adopt a family this is the place - FAULTLESS.Thanks to the Owners, the Chefs, Waiters and Manager for a truely extra-special stay - I look forward to seeing you all on my next visit - and I've had no hesitation in recommending you to both my Company and our Clients - thanks Neil Boot.	
Feb 4 2009	Great hotel with great service!	Each room is decorated according to a different part of India, and the whole hotel is geared towards making your stay in New Delhi as easy and enjoyable as possible. The staff will arrange for you to be picked up and dropped off at the airport. You can also arrange sightseeing trips or the staff will make recommendations for things to see/do. You can even get a facial or massage at the hotel. While there are no TVs in the rooms, there is a big flatscreen TV on the second floor that anyone can use. The wireless internet could be a little off and on, but there is a computer available for use. The hotel even offered phones for use while traveling around the city. The food at the rooftop cafe is delicious and the waitstaff were constantly making sure you had what you needed. Overall, I would definitely recommend the hotel to others!	
Feb 4 2009 	Gastronomical height	During our trip to India and Bhutan we stayed 4 days in Hotel Shanti Home in New Delhi. The staff was very friendly and helpful, The rooms were good bud not exceptional. The kitchen was OUTSTANDING. It is a pity that the area is not so beautiful.Dutchie Antwerpen Belgium	
Feb 1 2009 	It was like coming home!	What can we say about Shanti Home? We had the best time ever in India and it was all due to Sanjana in Shanti Home. By email we agreed on the itinerary for our three and a half week honeymoon in India. It was over Christmas 2008 and New Year 2009. All of the hotels suggested by Shanti Home were great! The car, the driver (Dimple), the efficiency (everywhere we went there was someone to meet us), was top class!! But nothing was as good as Shanti Home itself. Whether this is due to the staff, the rooms, the restaurant (best food in India!), the service, the smiles, the welcome, the welcome cake which was served at 4am in the morning(!), the love poems left on the bed every evening, the answering of calls at 10pm at night (thanks Pooja) it is hard to say. But all we know is that coming back to Shanti Home mid way through the holiday and at the end of the holiday was like coming home. And that is an amazing thing to achieve given that we were far from home, being from Ireland! We wanted a memorable experience and we certainly got that! Shanti Home has soul and amazing food! We loved it! Can't recommend highly enough!	
Jan 31 2009 	A great start 	We stayed in this hotel twice: at the very beginning &amp; at the very end of our tour of Rajasthan. Whilst the hotel is a little way outside of the city centre (but in return closer to the airport!), the friendly staff, clean &amp; interestingly decorated rooms and excellent roof top restaurant more than make up for it. We felt 'at home' from the first minute and would definitely recommend Shanti Home as a port for entering / exiting India, Delhi &amp; Rajasthan!	
Jan 29 2009 	What makes this hotel great? The people!	I was on a short business trip in Delhi recently. Instead of staying in one of the bigger chain hotels, I decided to stay here based on the positive reviews. I was happily surprised by the Shanti Home Hotel. Getting there from the airport was a tale in itself, but when I got to the hotel I was happy to find a modern, clean and comfortable hotel. The free internet access/computer is a big plus. The proximity to the subway was another plus point. But I would agree with some of the previous reviews concerning the neighborhood: it’s a bit grimy. But hey, you are in Asia. Big cities in Asia are supposed to be grimy!What makes this hotel great? The people! The inhouse trained staff at Shanti Home is absolutely amazing. It’s the small things they do that make a big difference to this hotel &quot;experience&quot;No wonder this is the #1 rated hotel in Delhi on tripadvisor!	
Jan 21 2009 	Lovely hotel but be aware of its limitations!	The Shanti Homes Hotel was our first port of call on our trip around the Golden Triangle and what a lovely place to kick off our travels.To prevent any disappointment, any person staying at this hotel must be aware of the following:1. There is no TV in your rooms. 2. There is no AC - then again we did travel in December when the mornings can be bitterly cold (5-6 DegC if Delhi is blanketed by fog). It does soon warm up to 23-25 DegC - perfect for touring Delhi. 3. Expect some noise - we were on level 3 which is directly below the restaurant and we could clearly hear the scraping of the chairs, voices and people walking. Once you can get these issues out of the way, then there is no doubt you will enjoy this hotel. The rooms are simple yet elegant and tastefully decorated (we stayed in Backwaters) and very clean. The service is excellent with staff extremely polite and welcoming. Some of the more grander hotels could learn a few tricks from this hotel. On entering the hotel, we were welcomed with sweet lime drinks and garlands. The restaurant area is located at the top of the hotel from where I was told you can get some great views but it was too foggy in the mornings to see anything. On our last day, the manager made up a small picnic for the children as we had a four hour drive to Agra. Its simple touches like this which made us feel like we were at home away from home.Day1: Arrival in DelhiAccomodation: Shanti Homes Hotel Shanti Home URL: www.shantihome.comBooked direct with Hotel – Taxi Pick-up from Airport which can be organised with Hotel (driver waiting at IG Airport as we arrived)Hotel Review can be found on www.tripadvisor.com Hotel close to Delhi Metro (10 minutes walk across busy road – careful if with small children) Day 2: DelhiCar booked with www.rajasthandriver.com directly. Price agreed upfront. Booked Innova and driver called Sabi. Safe and professional. Accomodation: Shanti Homes Hotel Shanti Home URL: www.shantihome.comVisited Qutb Minar, Humayun's Tomb, India Gate, Delhi Gate, Jama Masjid and Red Fort.We had a lovely time and we wish to say a huge thanks to the lovely staff who made our stay very enjoyable. Thankyou Rajat!	
Jan 20 2009 	Lovely people	The people at this hotel are lovely. We stayed there when we first arrived in India, they arranged someone to pick us up at the airport which was great. The food was delicious eating up on the roof. They arranged a car for the next part of our travel and we went back at the end of our trip too as they were all so nice and my husband got a tailored suit there too! They really couldn't have done more for us - thank you all.	
Jan 20 2009 	Fantastic Rooms and Service	The hotel reservations responded immediately when I sent an email asking for a reservation. They were very accommodating of my shifting schedule. They arranged train and flight transfers for me and went the extra mile. They also sent a staff person with me to the subway to show me how to use it the first time.Rooftop garden is very pleasant and an ideal place to enjoy a beer on a hot day.Rooms are clean and nicely decorated. It is a great place and I'll stay here again when I come to Delhi.	
Jan 18 2009	Great little hotel in Delhi	Beautifully decorated boutique hotel with excellent roof-top restaurant (relatively inexpensive too). Small team of very attentive staff - overall ambiance very friendly.Two minor downsides: Not very central (40 minutes drive from Connaught Place or 30 minutes by metro), and our room was slightly noisy on the first night (being right next to reception).Overall, a great little hotel which feels much more personal than the typical Delhi international hotels.	
Jan 18 2009 	nice place to stay	I agree with the good points mentioned in other reviews. At first we wondered what we'd gotten into--it's basically a house in a residential area on the western side of Delhi, but the staff here makes all the difference. They are professional, warm, friendly and eager to please their guests. Anything can be arranged for sightseeing. This is a great place to stay for its proximity to the international airport. It can take 20 minutes to reach it with no traffic. The restaurant is excellent, which is good because there isn't anything else around, and after a day of sightseeing you won't want to venture out again at night. The chef trained in one of the top hotels in India. One thing that should be mentioned; be sure to ask the price of the chef's nightly seafood specials or you might be surprised. They were twice the price of anything on the menu. Our room was comfortable, but you do get noise from the hallways and above. The TV room has lots of Indian DVDs.	
Jan 16 2009 	charming place!	Very nice hotel recently open with high standards. The rooms are extremely clean, spacious and well furnished (the suite is gorgeous). They give us a warm and helpful reception. The location is somewhat far from downtown, but the near metro station offers a confortable and fast link. Higly recomended, it is definetely worth its price	
Jan 11 2009 	Great Value!!!	I needed to stay one night in Delhi since my international flight was arriving in the afternoon and I had a domestic flight scheduled for the next morning. I needed something cheap and, owing to the low price, I was not expecting that much from Shanti Home. Therefore, the hotel has been a pleasant surprise. I had also found a few negative tips from this hotel on the web (internet connection, airport shuttle...) but I they didn't harm in my case. Actually, I suspect that the hotel management is reading them and they are making all the best to improve. In fact, the pickup from the airport worked perfectly, despite my flight was 3 hours late. Also the wi-fi connection was more than decent, at least in my room. The room itself was nicely furnished, the breakfast excellent and the personnel very professional. In addition one can enjoy all the warmth and attentions of a family-managed accomodation, without all the impersonal of chain hotels. One is also very close to a station of the Delhi Metro, the only public transportation in town that can be safely used by a Western traveller. Of course, there were some minor issues: the neighborhood is not so attractive and may become pretty noisy (even for the standards of a city like Delhi); no TV in the room (I am not a TV watcher so I didn't pay too much attention to this detail) and there were people smoking in common areas (something more serious for me - a strong supporter of no-smoking policies!). Nevertheless, considering that the price was lower than 6,000 INR (~120 US$) per night all included, I can't imagine a better value for an accommodation in Delhi, where good hotels are not so frequent and it is not so uncommon to pay much more for much less.	
Jan 6 2009 	Great food decor service impeccably clean	Shanti Home is a great hotel. I had just finished a business trip, having stayed at two five star hotels in two other cities in India, and selected Shanti Home, based on the TripAdvisor reviews, to spend a few vacation days in New Delhi. First trip to India. Compared to the five star hotels I had been in, this is a welcome relief from the size and scale of the large hotels. You get five star service but it's more like a family inn rather than a huge hotel. OK, so there may not be a shelf full of glassware, a stocked refrigerator, TV, and other little useless doodads. Those things may be important for some types of hotel stays, but they really don't matter much to me. The hotel has most of them anyway for the asking, they're just not in each room. Don't get me wrong, the five star hotels are nice, especially for business travel, but at Shanti Home, it's a completely different, yet positive, experience. It's a four or five story building with just two to five rooms, more or less, on each floor. First of all, this is a brand new building- but, unlike &quot;big box&quot; new hotels, this has very carefully thought out architecture, furnishings, and decor which gives you the sense that you are in India---sort of like what a five star, colonial styled historical large inn would be in the U.S. --but with up to date bathrooms and infrastructure. The rooms are scupulously clean, very comfortable, with plenty of room. No &quot;cookie cutter&quot; type of furnishings--these look more like what you'd find in a B&amp;B bedroom rather than a typical hotel room. The staff is very helpful and friendly. They work as a team round the clock to ensure your questions are answered, and anything you need is handled. The owners made a point to meet every guest , on multiple occasions, at dinner on the rooftop restaurant. They put a lot of thought into designing this hotel to achieve a certain look. Regarding the rooftop restaurant, where most guests had breakfast and dinner, had great food, great atmosphere--sort of what I had experienced at La Meridian at another Indian city, but on a smaller scale. I especially enjoyed the fact I could have a standard &quot;eggs, toast, and coffee&quot; breakfast instead of traditional Indian fare. They definitely keep the Western tourist's interests in mind. The tandoori meals and other dinners were outstanding for dinner. The chef and wait staff are very attentive and service is comparable to any top restaurant in the U.S. I spent some time in the lounge using the desk to do some catch-up work on my laptop, which was easy with the wireless internet service. On another floor, there's a TV room with a large flat screen TV where a few people might gather to watch a movie or TV. I was also impressed by the security. There's a large, solid gated door with a guard 24/7 the propery perimeter. So, you get the sense as soon as you walk in that you're in good hands. The receptionist gives you a nice little map which helps the first time you venture out to walk to the train. The neighborhood is full of family residences and is just a few blocks from the train station. From there you can go anywhere in New Delhi with no trouble at all. Great location. I was very impressed with the train service--ultramodern, clean, easy to follow the stops etc. The most ironic thing about Shanti is the price. I was a little suspicious before I decided to come here under the &quot;you get what you pay for&quot; axiom. But, based on the reviews, I took a chance and came here. No regrets-definitely the right choice. My conclusion--this is a steal at this price for the quality and delivery of room, restaurant, service, and location. Overall, if I were to return to New Delhi with my wife for another vacation, this is where I would definitely go, no question.	
Jan 5 2009 	Great stay great value	I stayed at Shanti Home twice during a recent trip to India while transiting through Delhi. On both visits I was extremely satisfied with all aspects of my stay and felt that I had received excellent value for money. The rooms are a good size and spotlessly clean - but it's the service were Shanti Home truely excels . On the first visit I arrived in the wee hours of the morning and enjoyed a super-quick and friendly check-in. As I slept in, the cook was only too happy to accomodate a very late breakfast, way beyond the normal breakfast hours and at no extra cost. As it was Christmas Day the owners hosted an evening Christmas Party for all guests on the lovely roof top terrace, and even got a charming elder gentleman to play the guitare and softly singing Xmas carols. Very thoughtful, and everybody also received a goodie bag gift with some Ayurveda body and face products! On my second visit I booked a three-day, two-night package that included a transfer, a day sightseeing in Delhi and a day trip to Agra. My train arrived 4 hours late and still the driver was there as agreed to meet me and I received complimentary early morning check-in that allowed me to freshen up before my day's sightseeing in Delhi and made a huge difference to the day. Leaving for Agra the next day made a very early start neccesary. I got a wake-up call at 4.00 am and a piping hot breakfast served at 4.45 am on the dot by a most friendly member of the staff - just as I had arranged the night before. I was amazed that they could serve a great breakfast at this unusual hour, and even more pleased that no extra charge was levied for the room service. Coming back late but hungry from Agra, the chef rustled up an amazing dinner after we discussed what I particulately liked - none of the items were on the menue and the meal was utterly delicious and was some of the best Indian food I had on my entire trip. I also had two massages at the in-house spa - both excellent and amazing value. When I mentioned to the owner how I had felt quite cold the first time round, they immediately put an electric fan heater into the massage room. It's this responsiveness to guests suggestions, the &quot;can-do&quot; attitude, and service centered around the guest that makes Shanti home so special. I shall be back!	
Jan 5 2009 	Sligthly Disappointed	Booked this hotel based on the favourable reviews on this site and I was a little bit disappointed.PositivesRoom is spacious with a comfortable bed.Sfaff is very friendly and helpful. They planned our day in delhi based on our wishes of what we wanted to see and went out of their way to always accomodate us.The restaurant is very good and the chef will accomodate your wishes.Negatives.The hotel is quite noisy. Most rooms on the first floor will face into the lobby area and the 3rd floor rooms get a lot of of noise from the rooftop restaurant. There is also quite a bit of noise from street traffic as well. The wireless internet connection is very good on the first floor. In our room on the 3rd floor the connection was useless. No charge for internet thoughThe shower was not good at all, for the price charged I would have expected more.	
Jan 4 2009 	Clean and welcome refuge in Delhi	We stayed here one night on our arrival in India and one night prior to departure. It is a clean, friendly respite from the bustle of Delhi. The rooms were nicely decorated with good bathrooms. The rooftop restaurant served great food.It is a little way out of the centre but we found the Subway easy to use (it was actually easier to get subway from old Delhi station than it was to get a auto rickshaw even with luggage), and they were happy to arrange taxis. I would recommend this as a nice base in New Delhi	
Jan 2 2009 	loved the shanti home	Stayed at this hotel for one night only but really enjoyed the experience. The staff are incredibly friendly and welcoming, the room was clean and comfortable. The rooftop restaurant was awesome! great place for a drink and excellent meal prepared by their wonderful chef, Adil.	
Dec 30 2008 	fabulous experiene	I stayed at this property for the second time. This time I satyed for ten days The hotel is as clean, pristine and superb as it was during my previous stay. The icing on the cake this time was that the owners Sanjana and Rajat observerd that my birhtday was on oct 10 they just planned a surprise party for me on the rooftop restaurant (lantern) that included the staff (chef Adil) the poliet and courteos wait staff and the ever efficient and unforgetfull front office staff of ms. puja and mr. anand the staff had fresh flowers for me in the room with a sweet card. The kitchen made speacial food and they managed to bring out the cake. This time i used the hotel's staff to arrange the transport which I would suggest and stongly reccomend to all trvellers as the rates are very competitive and the drivers don't take you tounnecessary shopping stores where the locals try to sell crafts amd arts at exorbitant prices. So please go by the hotel's suggestion and take thier transport. The hotel is not trying to make money on the transport thier drivers are very courteos and well trained. the sitar lessons in the second floor lobby were very refreshing.Try the Ayurvedic Massgge. It is vigorating.They also hace a spa (A visting guest from england said for the money it was the best spa treatment she had!!!)	
Dec 28 2008 	Shanti Home really does feel like a home	My husband and I stayed at the Shanti Home both at the beginning of our trip (October, 2008) to India, Nepal and Bhutan and at the end (Dec. 2008). When we first arrived I felt overwhelmed by Delhi, but the staff at the hotel soon made me feel more comfortable.. There's a lovely rooftop restaurant which serves all meals (breakfast was included), and the chef is truly wonderful! There's a metro nearby which can take you into downtown Delhi and is great fun to travel on as you can people watch to your heart's content. The rooms are very comfortable--they're named for different areas of India--and very clean. There's also free internet access. But what makes the hotel truly wonderful are the people who work there--all of them were very concerned with our well-being and went out of their way to help us--even walking to the metro with us and showing us how to navigate the system. This concern for their guests extended from the charming owners, Sanjana and Rajat Verma, to include all we encountered. When we returned to Delhi at the end of our trip, it really did feel as if we had come home!	
Dec 25 2008 	I don't get it	After following inconsistent and confusing directions provided by the hotel, the airport pre-paid taxi driver and I were eventually able to find the hotel (a word of advice, print out a map and hand it to your driver, no one will ever be able to find this unless they are very familiar with the neighborhood).The very polite reception clerk put me, a lone 6'3'' gentleman into a room with two double beds. I wasn't thrilled about it, but my assistant who booked the room had informed me that was all that was available and so I was expecting. All I really wanted was to write some emails, maybe watch the news, and get to sleep early thereby completing my scrooge Christmas routine. And here begins my particular issues with this hotel. Firstly, a very minor quibble, no televisions in any of the rooms; thereby scuttling my plans to watch the news. No problem I thought, I'll switch to plan b and go straight to dealing with the various chores I needed the internet's magical assistance to complete. Bad new on this front too, the internet connection in my room was so slow as to be ineffectual. Not great, but no problem, plan C, straight to bed in a crisp pair of pajamas. As you may have guessed, here is where the third problem arises. The rooms close to the reception hall / main entrance area are so inundated with noise of all types that it renders sleep practically impossible for all but the most drunken of would be sheep-counters. The phone ringing in the lobby, guests chattering as they come and go, various hotel workers gossiping etc. As this had all occurred in less than 20 minutes, I decided that this hotel was clearly not the place for me. I informed the gentleman at the counter that I would be changing hotels because for the approximately $130 (6000r) that I was paying for the room, it seemed only fair that I be able to sleep. The clerk quickly sprang into action and said he would change my room to one on the second floor immediately. Fine I thought, and as he didn't offer me the choice of refunding my money, it seemed the best choice on offer. The second floor features a much nicer room, with one large bed (why they didn't offer it to me if it was free when I asked for a room with a larger bed earlier is a mystery). I took off my shoes an settled in whereupon the windows started shaking with what can only be described as the bizarre sound of an Indian gentleman playing the sort of hits of the 60's / 70's that I strive to avoid in every day life (Think 'Lela' and that song with the refrain 'driving down the road trying to loosen my load' -I'm not sure what that one is called).Giving up on sleep I decided to go upstairs to the restaurant to check out the food selection. It looked fine, but extremely pricey, even in terms of hotel food. I would have eaten, but the music (obviously louder considering its proximity) got to me and I had to run for it. After grabbing some food at a shop down the street, I came back, with the music still blaring, I decided on a quick shower, I turn the faucet on, check the tap, its hot, i get in. After getting in the water gets icy cold in about 30 seconds, leaving me with a significant amount of my person covered in suds. It seems that the staff neglected to tell me about the switch that turns the hot water heater on, and which I did not consider as a possibility as it is a phenomena generally limited to lower end hotels. It is now 11pm, and the acoustic singer has given up, but has been replaced with recordings of slow jams. Sleep seems very far away indeed.	
Dec 22 2008 	Wonderful Place!	Words cannot express how wonderful our stay at Shanti Home was! The hotel is immaculately clean, the beds are very comfortable and everything is welcoming. But the real accomplishment of this place is the people. The staff are so kind and considerate - you really feel that they are happy to have you. The restaurant is superb. We ate every dinner there, happily. The hotel is away from downtown and is quiet (but Delhi standards) and there was nothing better than coming back to Shanti, having a fantastic meal and then going downstairs to sleep in their very comfy beds. Adil, the chef, was extremely accommodating of my father's special diet and also very kind and friendly. The entire staff was very genuine and kind, but not enough good things can be said of Pooja. She is really a gem! Her heart opens to you and she really looks out for you to ensure you have a fantastic stay. She helped plan itineraries, gave advice and booked travel for us. Honestly, I cannot compliment her enough!! She really warmed our hearts. We also met the owners, Rajat and Sanjana, whom I had communicated with via email prior to arrival, and they are really great people. Very warm and inviting and you can see the pride and effort that they have put into this establishment. I really enjoyed our conversations at dinner.Shanti Home is highly, highly recommended!! I would go back in a heart beat!!	
Dec 10 2008	Clean and comfotable but can be noisy	Shanti Home was reasonably priced, comfortable and also convenient for the metro. It has a very pleasant rooftop restaurant overseen by Adil who prepares excellent food.Staff are courteous, helpful and efficient. The hotel is very clean and has a comfortable lounge, TV room, internet station and massage facility. Our only complaint was that the hotel suffers badly from traffic noise from the nearby six lane highway. We suspect that this depends on which room you are allocated and whether it faces onto the road. On the positive side staff dealt quickly and sympathetically with our request for a move to a quieter room.Overall we enjoyed our stay but advise light sleepers that they may have problems.	
Dec 1 2008	fantastic restaurant on the rooftop	We had been staying in some of the best hotels in Mombai, Agra , Udaipur, Veranasi etc., and decided to try Shanti Home in Delhi for a change from the large hotels. We were not disappointed. Our room was called &quot;Bollywood&quot; and was very nice and clean, but the restaurant on the roof was fantastic. Sanjana and Rajat (the owners) couldn't do enough for us.The chef is a genius! We had the best food at Shanti Home, after 2 weeks travelling and staying at the best hotels. We will be back!	
Nov 30 2008 	Best hotel in Delhi!!!!	I spent 5 weeks in total traveling throughout different parts of India and this by far was the best hotel I had stayed at. I was so impressed by this hotel I forfeited an already pre paid two night stay at a Karol Bagh hotel at the other end of town so I could end my India adventure with Shanti Home. I had never been to India before, I was a single female traveling alone from Canada, and after 30 hours of traveling from my hometown I wanted to check into a clean quiet hotel that was safe, with great staff, for a great price, and Shanti Home did not disappoint, it exceeded my expectations! The staff is what makes this hotel the best hotel I have ever stayed at in my entire life! Without the staff this hotel would just be like any other hotel. They make you feel like you are part of the family. I had read that previously in other reviews and I didn’t really believe it until I experience it. They are extremely friendly, courteous, always smiling and truly have the willingness to please you from their hearts expecting nothing in return. Whatever you need just ask. If it is possible, they will make it happen. They were always well presented with clean uniforms, clean shaven and well kept hairstyles. Pooja the front desk manager was an absolute angel!!! Shanti Home could not employ a better front desk manager. She gives right from the heart, is very knowledgeable about Delhi, perfect English, very professional, and truly wants you to have the best stay possible. She helped me plan a day in Delhi by giving me suggestions on what to see and do and gave me a detailed map of downtown. She was always happy to arrange hotel taxi’s for me, direct me to great local shopping or guide me to the local metro station which is just a short walk from the hotel. She is the BEST!!!The chef of the Lantern restaurant will tantalize your tastebuds with his creations. He is also eager to please, has a great way of whipping up dishes for you when you are hungry whether it be lunch, dinner, or very late at night. MMMMMM good, that is what I say about Adil.Working closely with Adil is Anand, the food and beverage manager. Anand is very friendly, happy to inform you about what wine is in stock, very knowledgeable, efficient, and always smiling. He makes your dinning experience and outstanding one!Rajesh and Ram were fine young gentlemen that were always there to bring you anything you needed. If you can persuade him, Rajesh has an amazing singing voice. Ram was always there in the mornings to serve breakfast with a smile. I loved chatting with both or them, very nice gents!Suresh and Tul were also committed to making your stay as pleasant as possible. Tul was always so accommodating, always with a beautiful smile and gentle manner.If you needed anything after hours or very early in the morning, Dinesh was the man you needed to talk to. He is happy to fulfill your needs if you wake up in the middle of the night and needed something. He was always just a phone call away. I booked my reservation directly through the hotel by e-mail. My e-mail questions were always answered within 24 hours by the owner Rajat. Another reason I booked with Shanti Home was it was one of the only hotels I found online that didn’t require a credit card payment either a deposit or full payment when you made your reservation. I recommend to have them arrange an airport pick up. I have to say that it is a bit more than you would pay for a taxi from the airport but it is such a nice feeling to know that someone would be waiting for you at the arrival hall after such a long flight. Sanjay was waiting for me exactly where they said he would be with a very clear sign identifying the hotel and my name in full in large print. He was in contact with the hotel letting them know that I had arrived and we were on our way to the hotel. Also when you use their taxi service the drivers never have a problem finding the hotel. Every time I took a tuk tuk or taxi on my own the driver always had a bit of a problem finding the hotel. When you do venture out on your own ask the lovely Pooja to send you out with a small location map of the hotel so you can give it to the taxi or tuk tuk driver so they don’t get lost when bringing you back.From the moment i pulled into the driveway at Shanti Home the service was unbelievable. Five star hotels I have stayed at did not have the level staff and service that Shanti Home did. Staff took my bags, led me to the front desk and did so all with a smile. When I tried to tip them they politely refused my tip. I later found out that there is no tipping directly to the staff. There are clay ducks around the hotel that at anytime during your stay you may tip into them. Each month they break open the ducks and the tips are split among the staff. It was very nice because as I later found out staff are like sharks for your tip throughout India.I was greeted by the wonderfully warm, friendly, and beautiful Pooja at the front desk with a glass of fresh juice and a flower lei. Check in was wonderful, she took care of everything. My baggage was already in my room by the time I had completed check in. When I went into my room the A/C was already on for me and the room cool, which was so nice because it was HOT in Delhi.The rooms were beautifully decorated in very pleasing colours with an eye for detail, style, and design. The beds were super comfy, the sheets always very clean and white, great pillows, and an inviting duvet. The cleanliness of the room was immaculate!!! Each room came with a safe.There was 24 hour free wifi that was accessible anywhere in the hotel. It was not working one day when I was there and when I brought it to their attention they had their tech guy there within the hour fixing the problem. Shanti Home has a great media room fully stocked with movies both Bollywood and Hollywood. There are a number of English channels on the huge flat screen tv along with a few English movie channels like HBO.I never had a bad meal at the rooftop restaurant Lantern and the prices were reasonable. The staff there were as friendly here as anywhere in the hotel. Breakfast had many choices from freshly made omelets to tea and toast. I always had the fruit plate which was always fresh and wonderful. The marvelous chef Adil truly works his culinary magic and skill in the kitchen and was happy to accommodate any personal changes you would like to make to the dishes on the menu. He always came out and greeted you with his dazzling beautiful smile and soft spoken manner to make sure that once you had started your meal that everything was to your liking. It always was. Try the ross gollah with a scoop of ice cream, it was outstanding! Anything from the tandoori will knock your socks off! I didn’t have better tandoori anywhere else in my time in India as good as the Lantern tandoori. The tandoori doesn’t open until 7pm so plan accordingly. Also, if you wish to have your meal anywhere else in the hotel as opposed to the rooftop just let them know and they will be happy to bring it to you at anytime of the day or night. There is no other choice of hotels for me when I return to Delhi. It will be Shanti Home. Do not hesitate to book this hotel for your stay, you will not be disappointed.	
Nov 30 2008 	Shanti really is exceptional	I have just returned from two nights in Delhi where I stayed at Shanti home. From the airport pick up service to my very early morning departure nothing was too much trouble. The staff were, without exception, friendly and helpful. The place is charming and spotless, with modern amenities. The small outside restaurant and bar on the top floor looks out over the city. There was a problem with the wireless on my floor, which they fixed, although it was in the early hours of the morning. They even printed a 20 page conference paper free of charge.	
Nov 30 2008 	A great introduction to Indian hospitality	As this was our first trip to India, and given the very positive reviews on Trip Advisor, we decided to stay overnight at Shanti Home in New Delhi. We were not disappointed. Arrangements were easily made with the owner, Rajat, over the internet. We were met at the airport and driven to the property where we received a traditional Indian welcome. Our room was clean and very comfortable. However, the highlight of our stay was the food prepared by the hotel’s executive chef, Adil, at the property’s restaurant. Overseen by the restaurant manager, Anand, both the service and food were outstanding. Given that our train departed late in the evening the next day, the hotel let us use their spa facilities to freshen up at no extra cost. Prior to departing we had another excellent dinner at the restaurant. Highly recommended.	
Nov 30 2008 	Perfect place to stay in Delhi	The Shanti home is a fantastic place to stay in Delhi - I can't recommend it highly enough. I only stayed for a very brief one night while in transit through Delhi, but from start to finish everything was perfect. Firstly our flight was delayed, then I was further delayed by a lost bag, turning up 2 hours late at the airport to find my driver still there!The hotel is located around 20 minutes drive from the airport, and is situated in a secluded area of town, around 25 minutes away from the centre by tube, but the tube is very safe and 100% better than the London underground! The lady on the reception recommended a restaurant called Punjabi by nature (http://www.punjabibynature.in/) and it was fantastic - probably the best Indian food I have ever tasted (and I'm originally from Bradford). She could have pushed her own restaurant but didn't, even though it looked lovely as well. I had to check out at 3.00am, and I got delivered breakfast and got a wakeup call which I was very impressed with. There is free internet and lots of books to read, as well as chess boards. There is a massage available for 2 hours for around £15 which looked excellent value - unfortunately I didn't have time. Fantastic hotel, deserves all the good reviews it has got.	
Nov 29 2008 	An Oasis of Calm	A warm welcome awaits you at this charming hotel. It is like reaching an oasis of calm as soon as you walk through the door. Our group of 6 stayed here at the beginning and end of our holiday which began with a pep talk from Rajat (the hotel owner) on how to stay well in India. His tips: 1) Bottled water only (check the seal). 2) No cut fruit or salad, as it will have been washed in unbottled water. 3) No roadside food no matter how tempting it looks! 2) is a bit tricky to stick to at all times - we assumed the cut fruit at the Shanti Home breakfast was OK to eat and were fine.The hotel location is a residential area which is quite far out so it's worth being picked up by the hotel taxi whose driver knows where it is. Rooms are very comfortable with the best ones being at the back away from the noise of the busy road nearby. It's a short walk away from the metro which is cheap and easy to use. It costs 15 INR and takes about 25 mins to get into the city centre. Internet access is free and the lift takes you to the floor below the roof top restaurant with steps up the remainder, but for an older person these are not steep.At the Shanti Home we found every member of staff to be friendly especially the lady on reception who helped us with info on a number of things. Nothing seemed too much trouble, not even laying on breakfast at 5am so that we could eat before catching an early train. On our last evening we'd had enough of hot and spicy food after 2 weeks of travelling and so the chef and his team (see photo) at his suggestion prepared us an entire 4 course meal with just the curry spices but no chilli. It was delicious. The restaurant staff were also extremely good sports and acted as judges of which of us had best mastered the Indian head waggle that means 'Yes' as opposed to the other type of waggle that means 'No'!	
Nov 27 2008	Truely at Peace at Shanti Home	I was lucky enough to spend my first few days in India at the Shanti Home. The rooms were immaculate, the staff was courteous, and the food was excellent. This is definitely the best place I had stayed in during my journey through India and would definitely recommend this place to any/everyone traveling through New Delhi.	
Nov 19 2008 	Simply the Best	This was the best place that we stayed in during our two week trip to India.The service is great, the whole place is spotless and has been designed with a lot of attention to detail.At the end of the stay they even helped us to find some other good accomodation.I would recommed staying here even if you do have to pay a little bit more, it is worth it. The food is also very nice and is on par with a 5* hotel.The only bad point was that they forgot to call us for a wakeup call on both nights and the air conditioning unit could be heard from the bedroom. Compared to other places it was very quiet though (I am a very light sleeper).	
Nov 18 2008 	They want your money and dont eat the lunch	Overall a score of 7/10. Good quiet location, well decorated and clean rooms but there are a number of BIG negatives. We were under the impression that this was one of the best in delhi but it failed to live up to expectations.Disappointed that no free pick up from local train station - a charge of 350 rp and then 500 rp to be dropped off at airport. After 2 weeks in india and rajasthan/delhi, this is the only hotel that has charged us for pick up.We made the mistake of eating at the lantern rooftop restaurant at lunch - food was bland to say the least. The worst meal we had had in india and for 900 rps we expected much more. When we asked for more spice (or anything to give it some flavour) we got a bottle of tabasco - not a good sign. The chef redeemed himself at dinner when the tandoori is open. Our tip is to skip lunch and eat there only in the evening, eating off the tandoori. Also if you like a vague element of spice mention it as otherwise you will get a curry with no spice at all (which they seem to think is the british curry....)Overall - the staff seem to just want visitors money. Ps don't get massage - my one hour was up after only 30 mins and then it cost 1000 rps ( the supposed charge for the pamper package which should have been for 1 hour massage, 1 hour sauna and green tea / apple).	
Nov 6 2008 	Take me back to Shanti Home!	Shanti Home is by far the best place to stay! We booked our stay through the tripadvisor website from reading the reviews and checking out the photos it seemed like the one to go with for our first nights in Dehli. And we were right!Shanti exceeded our expectations ten fold! As sisters travelling in India for the first time, we were a little hesistant about touching down in Dehli in the dark of night. But we need not have worried. As we had arranged, a driver from Shanti greeted us at the airport....holding a sign bearing my name. Such a comforting sight in a strange city! Stepping into the hotel is absolute bliss, the whole place including the rooms are modern, clean and comfortable. A guard sits on duty at the front gate full time as far as we saw. So there's no worries security wise. We were able to step out into the warm Indian air from our own balcony which looked out onto the street....which is pretty quiet on comparison with most around the area. The train is only a few blocks away....which makes travel to the heart of New Delhi so easy. I strongly advise to know where you are going to save any hassles and arrive back to the hotel during daylight hours (things look very different at night....needless to say we got slightly lost but arrived home safely). There is 24 hour access to internet facilities free of charge which is fantastic for the weary traveller wanting to spread their news of their adventures to family and friends. The food here is devine, fresh and totally yummy! The staff and chefs in the restaurant are friendly and it won't be long until you feel right at home. From the hotel you are able to organise a driver for the day and staff are more than happy to arrange some sight seeing for an extra cost. If you want to visit the markets, temples, gardens, restaurants, or go shopping, its up to you. They take you there, drop you off and wait for you, ready to take you to the next place. A good way to ease yourself into the hustle and bustle of the Indian way of life.A big big thanks to Pooja, who went out of her way to make our stay in India so memorable :) We will be back!	
Nov 4 2008	Highly recommended	Great hotel with a very efficient and helpful owner. The rooms are individually decorated and very stylish - so much more charm than a big soulless international conference hotel. The owner went out of his way to he helpful including coming to find us in the city in his own car when our Jaipur driver couldn't find the address. A super place to stay.	
Nov 4 2008 	A beautiful place to stay very nice decorated.	Shanti Home is a very cosy, warm and good place to stay, in a very busy and noisy area. It has great rooms, different in sizes, but clean and with perfect beds, nice equipment, decorated with personal things and a really indian atmospheric !It is quiet, in the house, in the rooms, in spite of the busy road near to the hotel, with a lot of traffic. But when you are in the hotel, you really feel peacefull and relaxt !There is a fantastic, beautiful restaurant / terras on the top, where they serve very good meals, a lot of choice. The staff is great, personal, very polite and they like to talk with you, to help you in every way and to give you the perfect service you need. Especially the owners are great people! They come to you, when you enjoy your meal or a nice cup of coffee and ask you how you feel and if everything is fine. I really appreciated this personal attention an attitude !! You feel at home and want to come back over and over, to this place. So we hopefully will !!	
Oct 20 2008 	Incredible Shanti Home	I liked staying at Shanti Home:CleanVery friendly and helpful persons (they help you with your trip planning and also organize a driver for you)Nice rooms with a creative designWith restaurant on top of the roofOnly negative: It's closed to the metro, but as the metro has a limited rail network, it takes nearly an hour until you are at the place you want to visit within the centre	
Oct 19 2008 	Standards Maintained	My wife and I stayed at this lovely boutique hotel for the second time this year.I am pleased to confirm that the very high and exacting standards of the hotel have been maintained in every respect right through from email confirmations, to airport pick up, arrival, stay, restaurant and departure.The hotel is clean well laid out and all the staff are most helpful and welcoming. I sum up our second visit as 'going back to see the family'We shall continue to use this hotel as our base in Delhi as I have a motto of 'if it ain't broke don't fix it'.Well done Rajat, you have created a hotel that matches the very best standards of equivalent hotels elsewhere in the world.Surinder &amp; Rashpal Buray	
Oct 9 2008 	Everything it claims to be and more	Staying at this hotel is a wonderful experience.Check the hotel website it’s fact. There are no overstated claims and it truly represents what the hotel is all about.From our first telephone call, dealt with by the wonderfully efficient and friendly Pooja, to emails answered promptly by owner Rajat Verma, the pre-arrival vibes were excellent and we weren’t disappointed.The quality of accommodation is excellent, with very well appointed rooms and great taste shown in the decoration. We stayed at the Shanti twice and had ‘Oh Calcutta’ the second time – fantastic. It’s worth asking for. Other contributors have mentioned that it’s below the roof terrace; you would have to be particularly sensitive to let this worry you. Moving up to the restaurant on the roof, this is a fabulous escape from the hurley burley of chaotic Delhi, great food and a place to relax with a cold beer.Chef Addie (formerly of the Oberoi in Agra) has cooked for presidents and you can tell. Don’t worry about the menu, chat with Addie and Rajat, about what you like and leave the rest to the chef, I doubt you will be disappointed.On the face of it, the location may appear questionable, but proximity to the airport and with the metro on the doorstep, it works exceptionally well. External staff are brought in to look after the spa treatments. We enjoyed a massage and a fascial, both were excellent and great value. The steam room is a nice extra and rounds treatment sessions off well.In thirty years of extensive travelling, I have not found a hotel to compare with this, for the atmosphere and a genuine desire to delight customers. Sure, you can pay thousands of bucks a night for real opulence, but I don’t believe that your experience will be any better.In conclusion; nothing is too much trouble for Rajat and his team, we look forward to staying with him again.	
Oct 9 2008 	Excellent pick up from the airport	I was landing at Delhi airport at 23.30, and wanted the re-assurance of a reliable pick up. I had reviewed this hotel on Trip advisor and was very impressed with the comments. I therefore booked direct with the hotel for myself and 2 friends to stay the one night.Went completely without a hitch. Good online communication directly with the hotel, and very accommodating when I wanted to change my reservation.We stayed in one of the Luxury rooms, (this slept 3), it was immaculately clean and the bed linen was crispy white (I love how they starch their whites!!!).We used the rooftop restaurant for a quick drink after arrival, ice cold kingfisher and freezer chilled glasses were most welcome.The hosts also organised a taxi for our onward journey, which, after some negotiation we were very happy with!Would definately recommend for weary travellers.	
Oct 7 2008 	A true jewel in India's crown	I was part of a large trip that traveled throughout Rajasthan for a week. When we arrived in Delhi, we splintered off into groups. Many of my fellow travelers had booked rooms in more familiar names like the Hilton or the Hyatt. I had read reviews of the Shanti Home on Tripadvisor and it sounded like most guests were very happy with their experience, so I decided to try it. I couldn't be more happy with my decision. While not centrally located, Shanti is very close to the Metro which can take you anywhere in the city in a matter of moments. It is also only a short cab ride (&quot;short&quot; being a relative term in Delhi's traffic) from downtown. But aside from it's less-than-ideal location, Shanti is a wonderful hotel. The staff is attentive and offers you the type of personal service that you cannot get in a larger chain hotel. The rooms are beautiful, each decorated with a different regional theme, complete with hand-carved furniture. Little things like free wi-fi in the rooms make you feel like you aren't being nickel-and-dimed.The restaurant on the rooftop is not only visually sumptuous, though a little on the warm side, but the fare offered is varied and delicious. Bottom line is that Shanti Home was a wonderful place to spend the final few nights of an amazing trip.	
Oct 1 2008 	Great Place!	I have stayed here twice on business. Great food, free internet connections, but best of all are the husband and wife who own the hotel. They are great hosts and their advice on India was always spot on. Especially for a Westerner this is invaluable.John T.	
Sep 25 2008 	Lovely homely boutique hotel.	I stayed at this lovely boutique hotel in May 2008.It was a wonderful experience from the moment of arrival,which was late at night. It was off-peak season for travellers and the hotel was partially occupied. We were met by owners Rajat and Sanjana who were entertaining friends on the rooftop terrace.They invited us to join them and their friends for some food and drink.They were so hospitable and we really enjoyed ourselves that evening. Each room is themed and tastefully decorated eg. 'Bollywood Talkies'. Each and every member of staff were really friendly and always ready for conversation.The 'Lantern Rooftop Terrace' is lovely for breakfast and a drink in the evening. Ranakpuri, where the hotel is located is a suburb on the Metro line, which is only five minutes walk away and takes twenty minutes to the city centre. In the lounge is a laptop,the use of which is complimentary for checking emails and making online bookings. Staying at this hotel was a truly wonderful and fantastic experience. I would mention Chef Adil, Ms Pooja, Mr. Dinesh Saroha and Mr. Tuol from Nepal but I include all staff who helped to make our stay so homely. Continued sucess and best wishes to all at Shanti Home. It is deservedly No. 1 on Tripadvisor. Ciaran, Claire and Colette.	
Sep 22 2008 	Full of Shanti!!	A Fantastic start to our honeymoon - and a haven as described in other online reviews...Also staying in a boutique hotel was high on novelty.Loved the rooftop restaurant with its chilled beer glasses and free internet. Tandoori food in the evening was an added bonus. A breakfast buffet would have been a welcome addition but the service compensated - staff moved fans to wherever we sat!Restaurant prices were reasonable compared to the UK.Thanks also to the owner Rajat who was very hospitable and welcoming and the staff who stayed up for our arrival / departure.Facilities were good - a separate TV room actually was a good thing to inhibit couch potato tendencies and the best value for money massage service we had out of all the places we stayed. Generally friendly personal service and have no hesitation to recommend this for anyone who wants good value for money with a touch of class... and 'Full of Peace' compared to the rest of Delhi.	
Sep 17 2008 	Can't quite pull it off.	I booked this hotel for a weekend break in Delhi as a birthday treat for my wife. The website gives the impression of a stylish boutique hotel, which it tries hard to be - but doesn't quite manage to achieve.For one, the hotel is a lot smaller (almost cramped) than the website gives the impression of - it's a converted family apartment block. None of the rooms are huge.It is nicely decorated, throughout, however, some rooms are better appointed than others. We saw a number of rooms, as none of the rooms we were given had a bath with a working plug / hot water / broken spa function.The restaurant on the roof is ok, but nothing special. However, therre's no-where else in the area to eat. To be frank, there's better, more central hotels in Delhi which cost less than this place - and then you've more eating and drinking options. For the price that this place charges, you'd expect perfection. Maybe we were just unlucky in our experience, but we found ourselves begrudging paying, and left early.	
Sep 17 2008 	loved shanti	hi we stayed in shanti for 3 days in august .it was absolutely beautiful and best value hotel I have ever stayed in .the rooms are excellent and themed .strongly recommend the massage and the spa .also had a yoga lesson arranged which was fantastic.the food in the rooftop restaurent is fantastic .chef adil cooks both Indian and continental food and was happy to cook exmenu for my two teenagers .finger licking stuff .good ambience .very friendly staff and feels like home.gave us a comlimentary mobile phone which saved me a lot of money on roaming.great breakfast included in price .very handy to delhi metro and 20 mts to city centre .preferred this as tucked away in a quiet residential place .very safe and quiet neighbourhood.have a lovely quiet lounge and a separate tv lounge with few good dvds .kept the teenagers happy .overaall felt at home throughout our stay right from airport pickup ,traditional welcome and check in .the wifi and complimetary laptop also v useful .the owners rajat and sanjana have put their heart and soul in this and are there to put in a personal touch .will surely be staying there again .	
Sep 15 2008 	Like a paradise in Delhi!	It was a perfect choise for our first time in India! The quality and the service here are excellent. This oasis of calm appears from the beginning by the pleasant smell of the incense, by the elegant furnishing and overall by the smile of the persons. The kindness of all staff in Shanti Home is unforgettable. We met Pooja at the reception: she gave us all information we needed, she bought for us the railway tickets to Varanasi and Agra, she has lent her mobile the day after our arrival. Unfortunately we had waited one day for my husband's luggage, her mobile was an invaluable help to receive the news from the Airport, she called us as soon as she has received the good news about the bag recovery.The chef and the resaurant staff have been always so kind, food and service was accurate too.We also stayed in this beautiful place the last night before our return in Italy, is was the best way to say good by to India! Our rooms were very confortable, clean and quit airconditioned (it is a real rarity in India).We strongly recommend this piece of paradise in the caothic and enchanting Delhi!With love Tiziana and GiuseppeMilan - Italy	
Aug 30 2008 	Beautiful hotel great service	Stayed here for 2 nights at the end of our 4 week holiday around India and Nepal, so didn't mind that it seemed so far out of the centre of Delhi, since we had stayed there earlier in the month. Picked up from the airport for 650rs and greeted at the hotel with juice and flower necklace. No hassle checking in, as they just took a copy of our passports, then took us up to our room where are bags were already waiting. The room was clean, white, modern and had great air conditioning. Double doors went out onto a small balcony, and the bathroom was small but very clean with soft, white towels and lots of hot water. There was a TV room on our floor, with a huge plasma TV and sky, plus plenty of chairs and settees. But no TV in the room. The next floor down had a large area for sitting and working at a table, and a laptop set up for using the internet for free. The whole hotel is furnished with beautiful Indian crafts and pictures, carved wooden furniture, well decorated and looked after. The staff are very friendly and eager to help. There is a tip box to use so tips are shared out among them all. On the rooftop was an (expensive) restaurant serving a range of Indian and International dishes, snacks, drinks (including beer for 100rs). In the evenings they have a tandoori oven cooking some great food, including good meat and fish. Room service was great, with food and drinks brought quickly throughout the day and night. However we would have liked a bit more for our money when ordering toast and tea in the morning!Although the hotel seemed far out from the centre of Delhi, the metro stop is 5 minutes walk away, with a 14rs ticket that took you into downtown in 25 minutes. It was so easy and quick, clean and cool, which was great instead of taking rickshaws around the busy streets, and so much cheaper. The hotel is more expensive than any other hotel we used on our holiday (6000rs), but we wanted to have some luxury in the last couple of days before returning home. So it was worth the money, and so nice to come back to after a day out in Delhi. A car took us back to the airport for 500rs, although we had to make a 30 minute detour to an ATM as their card reader wasn't working when we wanted to pay the bill. But we did manage to still get to the airport on time, as their driver definitely knows the backstreets and isn't afraid to go fast to get there in 30 minutes!!We really enjoyed staying here, and felt it ended our holiday perfectly.	
Aug 5 2008	The Best	Excellent host &quot;pooja&quot;, great food, helpful and friendly owners on site, rooms very clean and comfortable, the employees are very courteous and polite. I was traveling with a group of ten and after we stayed in Bangalore, and Mysore for three weeks in India, we all still agreed on one thing, and that was that Shanti Home was the absolute best hotel experience we had in this country. We all will suggest that our teacher make this a permanent stop each year on Kennesaw State University's Study Abroad in India Program. Shanti Home is absolutely the best.	
Jul 26 2008 	Om shanti ohome	Stayed at the Shanti home for my birthday. As my first trip to India (alone) ,the wonderful hosts (mr and mrs rajat) treated me like i had been staying there for years. Late flight from NY brought me to the hotel at almost midnight that night, with Mr. Rajat there to hand me a refreshing lime juice drink. The spacious rooms are beautifully decorated in themes (I stayed in Bombay Talkies.. made me want to sing in a Bollywood movie), the restaurant delicious, and staff treat you like royalty. The location was a bit from the city center (20 min).. however, the train station was a short walk from the hotel (one of the staff members even walked me over). The trains themselves were very clean, modern, and fast. To be honest, after a day in the busy center, to come back to Shanti Home was something to look forward to. I want to thank Mr. and Mrs Rajat for the surprise birthday cake at dinner. It was such a mouth watering cake, and warmed by heart the rest of my trip in India.	
Jul 24 2008 	A True Oasis--and Wonderful Service!	We stayed at the Shanti Home in Delhi, India after a three week volunteer stint teaching English in the remote Indian Jungle. We decided to treat ourselves to a little luxury before we flew home.The hotel ALWAYS emailed us back promptly and provided clear, concise answers to our questions. Their English is very good.We were picked up by the taxi driver, provided by the hotel, at Nizmuddin train station...and were very glad for this service. Train stations in Delhi can be a bit daunting!Arriving at the hotel at 8am we were NOT charged for obtaining the room prior to the posted check-in time.The room was clean, beautiful and exactly as advertised. There WAS a problem with the hot water however, but since it was so hot in India at the time of our stay--it was not an issue.Pooja, the manager was extrememly helpful...giving us clear directions and answers to all our questions about transport etc.The hotel even provides a complimentary mobile phone, that you simply have to buy a card for with the appropriate amount of minutes. The card was purchased by her staff, and the rupee amount we chose, was simply added to our room bill. This way, we called home often, which was VERY convenient. Wireless services in India are great! STD's --not so much..as they are often noisy places and making a call is difficult.Each day we returned to the hotel was a welcome relief after the chaos of Delhi. The hotel is clean and inviting.There is a lounge with a large TV that is available there are NO TV's in the room. There IS a lap top for internet connection...but only one, so in the busy season getting time on the computer MAY be an issue..for us, it was always available --this may be due to the fact that guests SEEMED to be minimal, although I am not sure.The day of our departure, we stored our luggage and arranged for a taxi to take us to the airport at 7pm. We returned to the hotel around 5pm, and Pooja was more than welcoming. She encouraged us to use the facilities--washrooms/internet/TV lounge until our taxi arrived.The hotel IS removed from &quot;downtown&quot; Delhi, but downtown is easily accessible by Metro...you are downtown within an hour, at a cost of 15 rupees.Returning to the hotel was always nice...the restaurant was very nice, and the food was good. I would suggest to the management that a breakfast buffet would be a better choice for tourists, as opposed to ordering off the non-existent menu, however...but thats just me perhaps.The restaurant is not expensive by Western Standards, but is by Indian standards. It was worth it though.I cant express how welcoming and helpful the staff is. I would not hesitate to stay at Shanti Home again. In India, you get what you pay for.L	
Jul 18 2008 	Amazing hotel that treats you like famliy	First, I have to apologize for taking so long to write this review. We were looking back at pictures of our most recent trip to India the other day, and had to rave about Shanti Home. I truly cannot say enough about our experience here.My trip to Delhi did not start off on a good note ... I originally booked another hotel for my fiance and I in Delhi, which turned out to be absolutely horrendous. After coming across the reviews for Shanti Home on Trip Advisor, I placed a desperate call at 4am and the owners of Shanti Home rescued us from the other hotel. The owners and staff of Shanti Home truly treated us like family during our stay. If you are looking at hotels in Delhi, or in India overall for that matter, you may notice that finding a good price for a quality hotel is hard to come by. We stayed at several 4 star+ properties during our trip to India, and the overall experience that this property offers was on par if not better than the other hotels we visited (and paid A LOT more for). Some key features of this hotel ... The rooms are very clean and tastefully decorated (I wanted to bring some of the furniture back with me). Free wi-fi was pretty fast and worked during our entire 3 night stay. The restaurant at Shanti Home is a fantastically relaxing experience, and unexpected in the hustle and bustle of Delhi. Also, the metro is very close, clean, and efficient - more on the metro system at Shanti Home's website under &quot;Location&quot; - it really was only about 20 minutes to Connaught Place. I would recommend Shanti Home to anyone. Thanks again to the owners for taking care of us!	
Jul 15 2008	Best Hotel in all of India	Shanti Home is an immaculately presented boutique hotel situated in New Delhi. The furnishings and decor are themed for each room, such as 'Oh Calcutta!' and 'Bombay Talkies' providing the guest with a unique view of India. The Hotel owners, Sanjana and Rajat are a delight and provide you with top notch customer service during your stay, as do the hotel staff. Best features to look out for: the roof top terrace, the day spa and the library/entertainment rooms. This is the best destination for your first landing into India and to be pampered as you exit India. You will not be disappointed!	
Jul 4 2008 	Exceeded our highest expectations!!	My wife @ I stayed @ Beautiful Shanti Home for 4 nights. It was an incredibly welcoming introduction to India and the most enjoyable part of our visit to Delhi. I would definitely recommend this hotel as it was very clean and had a very large room &amp; bathroom. But what stood out was the treatment and service we received from the owners(Sanjana &amp; Rajat) and staff (Dinesh, Ram, Pooja, Anand, &amp; others). On our first day in Delhi, we dropped and lost our cell phone. After telling the hotel staff about it, Sanjana &amp; Rajat arranged to obtain a replacement phone within hours, along with a SIM card so we could make international calls. Other great services were personally walking us to the Metro station (we wanted to try riding the Metro to Red Fort rather than take a cab), with written instructions on what stops to take, what to look for, provided maps, etc. Personal attention provided each day in a non-intrusive manner. The owners also gave us tips on places to visit in other areas of India that we were visiting on our trip and made us feel very safe and welcome while staying @ Shanti Home. The rooftop restaurant was also excellent in food quality, service, atmosphere, &amp; setting. The chef even made a special dessert for us when we asked for a hot dessert that wasn’t on the menu. The staff also remembered our personal preferences at each meal and remembered our previous conversations to ask us about each day.I highly recommend Shanti Home while visiting Delhi for an outstanding experience!	
Jun 11 2008 	Great place to stay	What a great place to stay. Most helpful staff especially Pooja and a lovely terrace restaurant. I spent 4 nights altogether over a three week period in differently themed rooms which are delightful. This was the best hotel I stayed in whilst in India.I am definitely going to return to this calming Oasis in an otherwise brilliant but manic city.	
May 29 2008 	Paradise	Shanti makes you feel at home. They have a really good taste for everything: decoration, rooms, food, workers, reception and so on. I felt being taken care the whole time. They have the best tips about places to visit and where to shop in Delhi.I strongly recommend.	
May 22 2008 	You will be a happy customer	I am not convinced that this is the &quot;best&quot; hotel in Delhi but it isn't $500/ Night either &amp; the owner &amp; staff certainly make it the one I wold return to. It is close to the Metro &amp; far enough from the tourist locations to be devoid of the touts &amp; s..t on the shoe artists, who can make walking down the streets a miserable experience. One time we even (through sheer stupidity &amp; inattentiveness) got lost walking back from the Metro late at night. Several people helped us &amp; one man walked us many blocks to the hotel. This would not happen in a tourist area.Chef Adil runs a great restaurant. I especially recommend the Tandoori. The owner, Rajat Verma, was kind &amp; helpful. When I got sick he was nice enough to call be a stubborn fool, call a doctor, accompany the doctor to my room &amp; correctly identify the problem, Malaron. If you have done everything right and still get the quick step consider this as a problem. We were there during Holi &amp; Rajat was kind enough to inform us of the danger of traveling around town-just being covered with red dye. We were able to watch the wild parties from our balcony.Our only real complaint was that in the 5-days we were there our room was only cleaned once.	
May 13 2008 	Om Shanti Home	The best hotel I've been in during my 12 days through Delhi an Rajasthan...After 33 hours by train starting from Chennai, Oh Calcutta, my double bedroom, was quite an experience!Don't leave the place without having dinner in the hotel's restaurant: chef Adil will make your dreams come true!!!	
May 8 2008 	Clean reasonable secure friendly service	I booked 4 premium rooms for myself (Indian) and 3 of my Japanese colleagues for our business trip from4/28 to 5/3, 2008 through their website (No deposit or pre-payment). We were picked up at the airport with a Toyota Innova (minivan) for the same price of a Indica (medium hatchback) (Rs 650). After welcomed by garlands upon our arrival, we were introduced to our rooms and the facilities. The rooms were clean (almost as in the picture) with 24 hour hot water. Only shampoo and soap were in the bathroom. Our lady colleague were given a bigger, beautiful room with bathtub. The place is close to Uttam Nagar East and Janakpuri West Metro station. The former is closer, but walking by a busy (and smelly) open market in the hot Indian summer is not a good experience. So, better go to the latter with a cycle-rickshaw (20 Rs, 15 minues). Ask Pooja, always ready-to-help front desk staff to arrange for a rickshaw. Remember the route because while coming back you may have to guide the Rickshaw puller to the hotel. Janakpuri West (JW) Metro station is also next to a district center with many nice restaurants. Have some coffee at Barista after your meal at the Chinese restaurant (forgot the name). If you go to Rajouri Garden (4 stations in between from JW, there are 4-5 shopping malls to hang around there. Rajat, owner of Shanti home, suggested us 'Punjabi by nature' at Center Stage Mall (?), which was fabulous. The car hire from Shanti home were also reasonable with friendly and english speaking drivers. (@2000 Rs for an Innova, whole day). The closest gate of A-1 block, where Shanti home is located, is just left of Shanti home. Better remember that gate and the name of the street running in front of it if you are coming back by AutoRickshaw or taxi by yourself. The name is Pankha Road. I would suggest buying the Eicher Delhi Map (Rs 750) which is very detailed.Shanti home is little far from center of Delhi (Cannaught place), but if you are in Delhi for sightseeing, this is a cool place to stay with the reasonable tariff (125USD/night with tax, premium room, breakfast included) . Free high speed complimentary wireless, safety box at room, complimentary mobile phone, a nice relaxing breakfast, an open roof top restaurant to relax with few beers in the evening with some delicious safe food, almost 24 hour room-service, smiling helpful staff are some of the features you can hardly find in even high-priced five star hotels in Delhi ( I have stayed in The Qutab, Intercontinental, Nikko and know Maurya). Rajat and Sanjana (Rajat's wife and manages Santi home) will probably come to you and ask you how are you at least once during your stay. During our stay, one of colleague was lucky to have a very homely Happy B'day party with a complimentary cake and lots of wishes from everyone at Shanti home. Most of the clientele at Shanti home are westerners and few Japanese. Most of all, it is a secure place even for single lady and you will feel at home with the 24 hour customized service. Rajat told me he is opening a small gym shortly. My friend availed the 2 hour massage and steam bath for Rs1000, which according to him was reasonably good. All in all, after a hectic day in busy dusty (crazy ??) Delhi, you will definitely appreciate your every nice minute at this place. Good for singles and couples.	
May 1 2008 	Such a comfort!	I absolutely loved this place. From the moment my friend and I set foot in the hotel lobby we were cared for by the warm and friendly staff and owners. We were served mango juice and given fresh flowers while we waited to check in. The environment is peaceful and comforting which was a great relief after our long travels. I had my most restful sleep out of my time in India during the two nights I stayed at Shanti Home. The rooms are modern and very tasfully decorated. The rooftop restuarant is also excellent with some of the tasiest garlic naan and paneer tikka. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone, especially those visiting India for the first time.	
Apr 16 2008 	fantastic	So truly thankful we stumbled across the Shanti, the proverbial quiet oasis amongst the hustle. Small unassuming boutique style , much thought &amp; detal has gone into this establishment.Tastefully furnished rooms with luxuriant huge mattress. On a peaceful residential street so opt for a room on the front, no room tv you don't need it, I spent hours on the balony watching Delhi life happen by.Rooftop restaurant where the chef cooks everything freshly to order.5 mins walk from metro, 30 mins to city centre.Perfectly charming hostess/host, the host Rajat in particular is the ultimate smooser, whilst you enjoy your dinner he addresses all guests to ensure they've had a good day &amp; will assist above &amp; beyond.Staff very attentive &amp; seen to be treated with respect, they try very hard to get it right.Our endorsement with pleasure,stay here.	
Apr 6 2008 	Great boutique hotel!	We stayed at Shanti Home in New Delhi for 4 nights and loved it! The staff is fabulous whether it's the front desk (so helpful with everything!) or the waiters at the rooftop restaurant. The food is so spectacular it was hard to eat anywhere else (though we thought we should to experience India to the fullest). The rooms are very comfortable with big beds, soft lighting, and large bathrooms. Each floor has a sitting area with books and there is a free internet. The hotel is very stylish and comfortable. The only thing we didn't enjoy was the spa area. We got massages and didn't realize it wouldn't be the traditional swedish massage, and instead were treated to lots of slaps, hard kneading, and fast rubbing. It was strange coming from the US. The staff also answered their cell phones during the massage, which I also think we found strange due to the fact we're used to going to US spas. Other than that, we found Shanti Home to be a great new hotel with wonderful staff, convenient location, and nice amenities. We'll hopefully be back!	
Mar 30 2008 	Perfection	Shanti Home was a welcome final stop in our tour of India. Although we arrived very early my Father and I were treated extremly well, given a spotlessly clean room with every wish granted. This hotel is a gem in the city of Delhi, has fantastic transport links and the best staff anyone could wish for.This stay gave us very special memories of India!I'll be back!	
Mar 26 2008 	I can't fault this beautiful hotel	I decide to stay at Shanti based on the glowing reviews I had read on TripAdvisor from previous guests and am so glad I did. I absolutely loved this hotel. I had origianlly only booked for 2 nights but ended up staying at the hotel several nights on 3 seperate occasions while travelling to/from Agra, Jaipur &amp; Amritsar. The hotel is about a 15 minute metro ride from central Delhi but having spent a day being hassled in central Delhi I was glad of this. The metro station is just a couple of minutes walk from the hotel and is extremely safe, clean, cheap and very easy to use. There are also some very good, modern shopping malls about 4 metro stops away or a short rickshaw ride away so I was very happy with the location. The hotel is clean, beautifully furnished and decorated and every room I stayed in was absolutely gorgeous. I can highly recommend the treatments provided in the spa, especially the facials which were fantastic and a great way to relax and wind down after a day of sightseeing and shopping. The food was great with the chef coming to our table every evening to ensure we were happy and had enjoyed our meal. The staff were fantastic. Nothing was too much trouble. They attended to our every whim and seemed genuinely pleased to assist us in any way possible. As beautiful as the hotel is it is the staff that make it extra special. I just can't fault the hotel in any way and would highly recommend it.	
Mar 20 2008 	Nice hotel with remote location	Shanti home is a nice place with beutiful and clean rooms. The staff is helpful but they charge you quite heavily for travel services (we paid 500 Rs for a 20 minute taxidrive to a nearby trainstaion. With a helpful driver but still quite heavy).They have a restaurant with fantastic food in the evenning and a rather confused service for breakfast.The hotel is situated in the suburbs, but only som 400 meters from the subway station. It takes about 20-25 minutes to the first junction and another 5-10 minutes to Connaugh Place. Not to bad but not to good either, and the walk from the sub way station to the hotel can be quite stress full at night if this is your first visit to India.We paid 5000 Rs for a standard room which seems to be quite good value in Delhi.	
Mar 11 2008 	great place	Ajai , new yorkMy delhi trip was short and sweet, stayed there for 4 days, far from airport but very clean, extra pleasant and helpful staff. owners Mr and Mrs, Rajat are very professional, hands on. tour drivers was very relaible. great food. &quot; licked fingers &quot; ( good job Chef Adil ).	
Mar 4 2008 	Home away from home	We arrived at Shanti house late at night with our family of 6 plus our parents. We were greeted warmly, with fruit juice and an offer of food on the roof top restaurant. Our rooms were all ready, clean, spacious and comfortable. The bathrooms were also quite spacious. The hotel had arranged a van/driver for us during our stay which was so helpful since we were traveling with older people.The day we made the long drive to the Taj Mahal, the staff got up early enough to make us breakfast, packed us a snack/lunch, and were still ready and waiting for us when we returned at 10 p.m. so we could have dinner. All the staff was friendly, accommodating, and helpful - a gift when you are traveling with family from 8 to 77 years old!The food at the restaurant was very good, and we loved the breakfast choices as well. This hotel is a very good value for money in Delhi.	
Mar 2 2008 	Great Value	Stayed at the Shanti Home for 3 days. Even though this hotel is is a bit of a distance, with a 30 minute cab ride from the Delhi Airport and Raiway station the hotel is well worth it.A family run botique style hotel with excellent service. The hotel is very nice with all the comforts, and decorated with pieces of art throughout.For about $100 per night it is a very good value compared to some of the other large hotel chains in the area.It is also located within walking distance to the new metro rapid transit system ($0.50) which will take you downtown to New Delhi, and on to the Red Fort ($2.50 entrance fee) which is a must see while in Delhi.Hotel is highly recommended!	
Mar 1 2008 	very nice insidegood restaurant for residents only	From the outside,just a narrow home frontage but inside it is very homely and nicely furnished. Clean comfortable rooms, each room decorated in different Indian style. It is run by the owners and they are very helpful and go out of their way to assist.Take hotel directions from the web site as taxis will not find it easily. Better still, ask the hotel to pick you up from the airport/station.The restaurant is on the terrace, open to hotel guests only. It is small but very friendly staff and they will cook anything you want- their Indian meals are excellent.It is in a residential area so not much to see around but the metro station is nearby. We were 7 in our group, so had the restaurant and the Staff to ourselves most of the time.Each of the three floors has a common sitting area for after noon teas etc and one of them has a free lap top computer.Good value and a nice place to start or finish your India trip.The home is really in New Delhi but for reason we could not understand, it is classsed under Delhi in the Trip Advisor!Approx 20 min by car from the airport and 20-30 min to Delhi city centre.	
Feb 29 2008 	Simply the best - forget the rest	I had the pleasure of staying at this hotel for two weeks. After two months of travelling I returned here on my stopover without thinking twice - this hotel is simply the best in Delhi (and in most SE Asia!!) on so many levels:1) Service: the service is professional and totally client-oriented. If you feel like a three course meal at 5 in the morning, it will appear in the hands of a smiling and friendly employee. No problem however great it may seem, cannot be overcome. I overheard a client who was unsure of the tube stop direction. The solution? An employee offered to accompany her there! Pooja and Anand will tend to your EVERY request.2) Cleanliness and Hygiene: the hotel is literally spotless. From the sheets to the seats on the rooftop terrace, everything is squeaky clean. Mosquito repellant plugs are provided and the whole place fumigated with incense to make sure that no unwanted visitors creep in. I am an obsessive over cleanliness where I stay. The Shanti Home Hotel won full points on this front and edged well beyond so called top-class hotels. 3) Quality: the food prepared is delicious. I dont mean that in a 'i've-been-living-off-street-meals-and-this-is-really-good' way. I mean that the chef (an unassuming genius called Adil) could win awards. He will make it his personal mission to satisfy your requirements, often going further than what the menu offers.4) Facilities: I had the pleasure of inaugurating the steam and massage parlour. In keeping with the rest of the hotel, the service is professional, value-for-money, clean and deeply pleasing. There is a shared TV room with an enormous flatscreen, reflecting the family atmosphere that the hotel tries to create (and succeeds). Wireless internet connection is provided free and the connection is excellent. Take my word for it - this is a rarity in these parts of the world!!!The list could continue for example, I have not begun to do justice to the friendliness of the staff and its owners, the way you arrive as a client and leave as a friend.Ultimately, it is clear that the owners have sat down and worked out EXACTLY how to create the best value-for-money hotel possible. The fact that in many respects it also outclasses even the big five star names, makes this the hotel of choice in Delhi.So where is the catch? You might complain that it is not bang in the centre of Delhi and that you dont have a flatscreen in your room. Fair points but the tube is nearby and frankly I didnt miss the in-room entertainment. You cant get it all but 99% out of 100% is not bad is it!!!!!BIG thank you to everyone there. I have never written so effusively about a place and doubt I will again. Go there and see what I mean!!!!	
Feb 25 2008 	A little gem	I rated this place 5 out of 5 based on value for money.Communicated by email with this place a few times before my arrival and all emails were replied to. Driver met me at the airport as promised.Upon arriving at guest house after midnight, was sat down and offered a chilled glass of juice (much appreciated). Staff were super friendly, spoke good english, and room/bathroom were spacious and clean. Free internet was on offer.This hotel is not 5 star with all the fancy trimmings, however you can get this in Delhi but expect to pay US$400 to $500 at some impersonal hotel. Breakfast was delicious and served up on the roof.I really couldn't fault this place and if I ever visit mad/chaotic Delhi again, I would definitely stay here!GrahamAUSTRALIA	
Feb 14 2008 	Fantastic	What a great place, starting from the friendly airport pickup, the experience in Shanti Home is great. The staff are extremely helpful and provided me with tea at two o'clock in the morning upon my arrival. There is free wireless and the rooms are spotless and of very nice design. The property appears to be only have opened recently.	
Feb 12 2008 	Charming hotel excellent staff	We booked our stay after reading the reviews in tripadvisor.com. We stayed there for four days (Feb 6 until Feb 9) and we loved both the hotel and the staff, who was very friendly and did everything possible to make our stay convenient. The rooms are charming, the missing TV did not disturb us at all. There is a free wireless internet connection on the first floor, and the restaurant on the roof top patio is excellent. Would defenitely recommend this hotel, to families as well as to single travellers or couples.	
Feb 9 2008 	Fntastic like visiting friends	We stayed our first night in India at the Shanti Home, they have created a haven from the madness that is Delhi. They provided us with every comfort, helped with travel plans and made us feel at home, the rooms are spotless, beds extremely comfortable. We returned to stay with them for our last night so what better review is there.	
Feb 4 2008 	Shant Home = Our Home in Delhi	Shanti Home is a particular place with a very special charme and with a Team, which is an extra class in kindness, attention and service quality. We enjoyed our stay very much, despite the fact that Delhi was very cold those days and the roof garden restaurant was a little chilly in the morning during breakfast, but when the sun came out it was a fantastic place. Rooms are very special and decoration is done with apparently a lot of good taste and love to detail. We can recommend highly this place as your home while you staying in Delhi.Stephan, Roswitha and Little Simon	
Feb 1 2008 	Apprehensive	This being our first trip to India. We were rather apprehensive about staying in a non 5 hotel, 20 min outside the centre of Delhi. However we took the risk and we were glad of doing so. The Shanti home was great, excellent value for money. The rooms were clean, the bed very comfortable (we stayed in the Bollywood room) the service was courteous and friendly. The food at the roof top restaurant was superb in fact it rates amongst the best meals we had on the whole trip. Shanti home is close to the Metro which is safe and easy to use. We did do a bit of local shopping, the area is not great however we found it less hassle to shop, as we did not bump into any Hawkers or Beggars, they seem to congregate more in the City centre. Over all the shanty home was a great experience and I would recommend it to anyone.	
Jan 29 2008 	Blissful Calm in Chaotic Delhi!!	Firstly let me tell you this is not a hotel its home!! The quality of care and service here is fantastic. The staff here wants to help you and will make sure you get what you need. The chef will cook a specail dish of your choice, The girl at the reception will tell you where to go in case you need to buy a special souvenier, the housekeeping guys will make sure that your room is spic and span...in short everyone will go that extra mile to make your stay comfortable	
Jan 23 2008 	Highly Recommended!	A home from home indeed! Shanti Home is a boutique hotel that has everything you need - an oasis of calm, immaculate and well presented rooms, great food and attentive/personal service from the staff. Its based west of Central Dehli. To get to Central take the metro. There is a metro stop 3 mins walk from the hotel and the journey takes around 20-25 minutes at a cost of around 20 rupees. Trains every 5 mins. For something a little closer, and if its shopping you're after, there is a huge modern mall about 6 metro stops away that has the usual western brands (Adidas, Levis...etc) and a few good Indian and Western eateries too. Only one minor negative point was that on both occasions there wasnt enough hot water for the 2 of us to enjoy a long hot shower, but we may not have understood what all the taps in the bathroom were for!!!!!!!! Overall, we highly recommend Shanti Home - it was a great place to start an Indian adventure and to come back to at the end of a fantastic holiday in Rajasthan! Louisa and Ben, UK.	
Dec 5 2007 	Comfortable Clean and Really Nice	Definitely a place to reccomend to travellers to India. Personalized service they really care and great coffee...i mean real coffee. Travelling to and from the hotel is real easy as the metro train which is surprisingly clean and efficient has a stop next door.	
Nov 19 2009 	gemütliches und familiäres Hotel mit sehr freundlichem Personal		
Aug 19 2009 	?????????????????		
Jul 24 2009 	bello ma caro		
May 29 2009 	Un hôtel inoubliable		
Mar 16 2009	Sehr zu empfehlen! Überaus angenehm !		
Dec 14 2008 	Hotel sympatique		
Nov 29 2008 	Una casa de huéspedes acogedora		
Nov 8 2008 	Etape reposante et sereine dans une capitale au rythme infernal		
Oct 13 2008 	Un hotel muy acogedor		
Oct 12 2008 	????????????????????????		
May 5 2008 	Shanti home Delhi		
Jan 10 2008 	Havre de paix et de gentillesse		
Sep 3 2007 	Tout neuf 8 chambres tres joliement décorées		
