	good value for money	i was at Clark heights to meet my girl friend came from Dubai. First i was very hazy about where she is staying. after reaching there we have found that safe and nice pl;ace. in the main city off course nosiy like Delhi. Under one roof all the services available for the travelers. From Pick Up to Drop.I would recommend to every one	
Nov 22 2009 	Adequate rooms friendly staff but beware of being ripped off!	The rooms in this hotel were adequate though super super deluxe far nicer and more spacious than lesser rooms. Not great value for money and very noisy due to construction work and the busy road outside. Staff on reception were nice and friendly, with the exception of the travel agent who charged extortionate prices for hiring hotel taxis and double charged us (service charge) for booking train tickets to Amritsar. We were also told that Delhi was closed on a Friday in order to sell us a trip out of Delhi, when in reality it wasn't! This gave us a bad impression of the hotel as a whole.	
Nov 22 2009 	Don't stay at this hotel.	Rooms were ok, but everything else was terrible about this place. The staff changed their pricing on us many times (and of course, they over charged us). They don't have a restuarant although they say they do. Instead if you order something, they will just find it on the street and bring it to your room. Every person you see in the hotel expects a high tip for doing nothing. They say they have internet, but it is the computer they use at the front desk. Overall, this was the worst place I have stay at in India and the price was one of the highest.	
Nov 21 2009 	safe place	We booked 10 rooms for the marriage purpose for three nights stay. Hotel staff was very helpful speciall the lady at reservation helped us alot in arranging the batchlores party at the basement. This was very near to our house and the marriage location. all aur family members came form different parts enjoyed and cherish the stay over there.	
Nov 20 2009 	Average hotel but lots of hidden costs	We stayed at Clark Heights for 5 days in November. Original my boyfriend and I were given the wrong room - we had paod for a super deluxe but they put us in a delux - after arguing our case they graciously put us in a much better room. Some of the staff were very nice but we were charged extortionaly for organising taxis with the hotel (including a car to Agra) and service charge on train tickets were high. Recommend to get Rickshaws than use their taxis. Overall a noisey but average hotel.	
Nov 18 2009	Poor value for money	This hotel was nothing special. Firstly, it is currently undergoing building works so you are staying on a construction site. The rooms were basic. The reception staff were helpful, except for the woman who arranged our trip to Agra and Amritsar - she ripped us off and then told us we were untrustworthy when we refused to pay charges that she hadn't told us about. This was after she had told us that the whole of Delhi would be closed on one of our days there, which we found out later wasn't true. There was always someone available to drive us places, though at an expensive cost. All in all, we weren't very impressed with this hotel and if you do stay here, don't book any trips without negotiating the price first.	
Nov 15 2009 	Seepage in the Room	Paying more money than the nearly hotels we expected more standard butthere was seepage in our rooms and it was smelling. We do notunderstand as to then give the room to customers.	
Oct 29 2009 	No Limit for cheating.	I book room from internet. No pick up and no refund. 80 Kms. small taxi for 15 Rs. 1 km. cheating travelers coming for 1st time to india. High price hotel/ guest house.	
Oct 28 2009 	Good value and nice location	We stayed for 4 nights. The hotel has a nice location - yes, there is noise from the streets - but nothing you couldn`t live with.Friendly staff an ok restaurant with cheap food.	
Oct 23 2009	Love the hotel location	I was there in months of september with my father. I would like to share my views abouth clark heights. I personally feel this hotel is good for those people who visit first time in india bcoz here, I found very helpful and caring people and they helped me in my further tour as well and very well organized by the hotel staff. The rooms are very nice and specious I love to give **** star for this hotel. Only problem with our taxi driver that is he was to fast.I like this hotel bcoz of the location of the hotel in on the main road and they have there own parking facilities plus market is also very near to this place. Here, Reception staff is extremely helpful and well behave...	
Oct 21 2009 	i m loving it	as i wnt to d hotel i was really impresd by the intrir.................the staff was really good and coperative..............i enjoyed hotel.........the food i had there was delisious.......	
Oct 11 2009 	Noisy	The hotel was clean, room mid size.No pick up at the airport. Very noisy all night.Staff was nice location was ok; we prepaid 250 IR for a car taxi from airport	
Oct 10 2009 	Truly home away from home.	The experience at clark was better than any five star hotel I v stayed in and I v stayed in many as I m a flight attendant . The rooms are way bigger n nicer than most. The staff was incredibly attentive and caring .(especially to my kids who did nt want step out of the hotel as they were so at home there.) The food was divine. and they took every care to cater to my kids' special 'out of menu' orders. All my out of town tours to Amritsar n Agra were very well arranged.The only thing I think They could improve upon is the toilet ameneties and external facade.	
Oct 10 2009 	Constantly mislead me	I arrived in Nov in Delhi with my family. We booked hotel clarck online because it was easy. As expected we were picked up at the airport. The rooms were not as nice as the photos online, at all. We arrived late so had little choice. the y cheat us badly.........	
Oct 6 2009 	Wrong Presentation	I booked this hotel on a friend’s recommendation and after looking the reviews on trip advisor. The hotel is not clean 25 % of what it is displayed as. The staff is just eager to sell you tour to Agra and Jaipur. There ware small insects in the room, the bathroom has a foul smell. The hotel is on a busy road so we had no sleep the whole night. Charge is quit high compared to the services. We do not recommend it to any traveler from USA or Europe.	
Sep 24 2009 	It's completely of the type i would prefer......	I enjoyed a great 2-days stay over there with my colleagues. The interior of the hotel is very impressive and I must give a special compliment 2 the hotel staff too because they managed it very well. The service is really upto the mark and moreover, what I liked the most is its location. I mean its too easy to get to other places from here which was our prime requirement during that trip. And, getting all this at so reasonable price is none less than a pleasant surprise. Infact, I am looking forward to more stays in CLARK HEIGHTS during my future trips to Delhi. I would definitely refer this hotels to all my friends....:))	
Sep 14 2009 	Excellent service pleasant and helpful staff Warm ambience	Hi ,I visted india in month of aug, with few freinds fro a wedding, Since we wanted to stay closer to central delhi and were on abudget , we chose this hotel.Good value for money.The staff was courteous , freindly and very helpful. The rooms were nicely done and clean. The late night coffe shop was a blessing for us due to late night at wedding function.The staff even helped us in getting few things that we had missed to carry along.,They even got our gifts packed in a very elegant way.I would recommend thsi hotel to all my friends from US. and would definately go back and stay ther.e everytime i visit Delhi.	
Jul 31 2009 	Awesome simply Awesome	I had been to hotel Clark Height in the month of JUNE. I stayed their for 2 nights and 3 days. I must say its the best place have never been i mean the staff was excellent. specially ma fav place there the roof top restaurant such a pleasant place , 24hrs coffee shop, service were at the best and delicious food too. Rooms were quite clean and Comfortable and a king size bed to relax urself. Infrastructure is beautifully designed, internet facilities provided by the hotel was the best the speed was good and i can do my work without any interruption where else at other place i have to pay around 100 Rs. for the same really a helpful atmoshpere. In short will say its a Awesome place and next whenever i m gonna come Delhi my stay will be definetly der at Hotel Clark Height	
Jun 21 2009 	Run Away	Many time you think for the best but you get nothing and you get bad experience yes I had a bad experience as the room given to me was very dirty and towel was smelling.I booked this hotel from internet as the hotel fails to pickup me from airport even the service at night was not good. Big ManMushtaq	
Jun 13 2009 	AWSOME HOTEL	I went to india last month for a business trip and stayed at Hotel Clark Heights.It was a wonderful experience.Room was immaculately clean, the bedding and pillows were heavenly , the bathroom and dressing area was very nice, and a separate space for an office desk and chair.. A lovely hotel. All staff went out of their way to be helpful and pleasant.Enjoyed my visit. I would definitely go back.	
Apr 12 2009 	Excellent hospitality and food	We just returned from a 6 nights stay at Clark Heights hotel at New Delhi. Being from India, I am much familiar to the issues which some hotels in India have and I must say, both my wife and I were thoroughly pleased with the service and the room that this hotel provided us. It is in a crowded road, but accessible to the mero which is about a km away in walking. The best part of this hotel was that it was very clean and the bathrooms were sparkling and fresh. The double delux room is a bit small, but we found it quiet, as it was the corner room for us. The room service and special requests were immediately taken care of. The other thing which we thoroughly enjoyed here was the food. Since we had a six year old son with us who we have not trained to eat spicy food, we asked the cook(chef) to make sure that there is no spice. That was always complied with. The menu is mostly North Indian food with some Chinese and Continental options also. They even packed sandwiches for us in the early hours(4am) of the morning when we were to go to Agra. The food was so tasty, that at times while sight-seeing in Delhi, we used to head back for lunch to the hotel just to have the food. (There is a famous four-start hotel in Connaught place whose restaurant refused to make food with no spice, so we had to walk out). The basement retsaurant is used for lunch and the roof is now made into a roof-top restaurant and the open-air was very pleasant. We can see the metro line and the moving trains from the roof-restaurant, something my son enjoyed. My only wishlist is that the hotel must tie up with a more reliable cab-service, we had some concerns with the car on one of the days(got an inexperienced driver once - a bit dangerous for Delhi traffic, so we stopped the car after couple of minutes and got another reliable driver whom we stuck to), but otherwise pickups from airport and drops went on plan. Overall, a good experience and if we visit Delhi again, for this price, it is a good stay.	
Feb 24 2009 	Decent Hotel Great Staff	This is decent hotel if you want to live around patel nagar, but it is on a very busy intersection, so be carefull to while booking room. Do not book room by metra side, or you will not be able to sleep. Hotel staff was very good. I had an issue with my rental car and I had to call 1000 KM away and my cell phone gave up because it was changing network. Receptioninst lady gave me her own cell phone to use as it was early in the morning. Accept one minor incident of overcharging by room service(This was corrected by front desk right away and they apologized so I will believe it was just a mistake.). Rooms are clean, bathroom is great with international standard and property is very clean.	
Jan 20 2009 	cleancomfortable and friendly.	First time in India and after a poor night in Mumbai I was pleasantly surprised by the Clark Heights hotel. Convenient to the Delhi Metro I found no difficulty getting around.The hotel room was clean and well appointed with a flat panel TV.	
