Nov 14 2009 	Decent Hotel	I don ´t know whether those who disliked this Hotel hadn´t been to another Place? Surely, the picture of the front of the hotel doesn´t indicate that it is squeezed in between other buildings, but the pictures show definitely suncourt yatri. The Hotel is not bad at all , especially in comparison to other Hotels upcountry. About the value, i can´t say much, the price was included in our tour.	
Nov 8 2009 	Nice enough but not good value	The hotel is clean enough and the staff are friendly. Breakfast on the roof was probably the best part. We booked a room and notified the hotel we would be arriving at 2:00am (not ideal). We had to haggle on price for the rooms and they kept changing their minds. It was however a relief to see the car waiting for us at the airport and to find the hotel clean and the staff friendly. Our a/c unit conced out on the first night and never worked again but this wasn't a big problem. On the whole hotel and staff are good but value rating is low.	
Feb 22 2009 	Keep away	Suncourt Yatri is pretty foul - it doesn't look like the photos. Our first room had a barred window as this was on the main floor just behind the desk. There was a musty smell and we could smell smoke throughout the night as people smoke in their rooms and also in the corridor and it does not help that the kitchen is in the basement. The staff at the desk are incompetent. My brother had called 5 times on the day we were to arrive at the hotel and despite giving them my name and the tour group we were with ( the tour operators gives the front desk the names of all the people in the tour in advance) was told that there was no such person expected that day. After two nights we left with the tour group to arrive back on our last day. This time we were given a room on the fourth floor. This was better than the first room with at least a window to look out of . However, the room had a smoky smell and we had to run the fan all night. The people at the front desk are not very helpful and are ready to rip you off. We tried to arrange a taxi to visit some friends about a 10 km ride. We were told by our friends that the taxi should at the most charge 100-150 rupees. However, the front desk told us that it would cost 400 rupees and refused to consider anything less. We left the hotel with our luggage and then hailed taxi which charged us 250 rupees. Hence, all in all a poor hotel with devious staff and I would not recommend it	
Nov 16 2007 	Nothing special look elsewhere if possible	I booked the Sun City hotel but ended up at this hotel since they apparently (that's what they told me) are related businesses. I found the front staff were not as bad as the other hotel, they were actually ok, but the rooms were not really that crash hot considering how much I had paid on the internet and the real price which was probably at least half.	
Nov 4 2007 	would highly recommend this hotel!	I stayed at the Hotel Sun Court Yatri for two nights in October 2007. I was nervous about choosing this hotel because it was only listed as a 2.5 stars, and I had been told never to stay at a hotel below 3 stars in India. When I arrived I realized that I had nothing to worry about - this hotel should be at least 3 stars, and it was much nicer than many of the 3 star hotels I stayed at in India. My room was a good size and very clean. The shower had hot water (something I didn’t have in every hotel I stayed in in India). The room had a TV and internet access was available for free in the business center. The staff was very friendly. I was offered a free breakfast. The hotel restaurant was good for both breakfast and dinner. The location seemed fine - although I didn’t do much walking around the neighborhood. I took rickshaws and taxis to the places I wanted to go. The Hotel Sun Court Yatri is approximately a 45 minute drive from the international airport and the price of a taxi to the airport was less than $10. I would definitely stay at this hotel again. The only drawback was price. I probably could have gotten a much less expensive hotel in Delhi and been ok. However, if you’re not overly concerned about the price (and the price is incredibly reasonable compared to hotels in any U.S. or European city) &amp; if you’re looking for a clean, safe &amp; comfortable hotel with a friendly staff I would highly recommend the Hotel Sun Court Yatri, also hotel owner Mr. Shubh Taneja very helping he had give us lots of tips about the city that’s help me lot.	
Jul 12 2007 	Shocking Hotel	Avoid this hotel at all costs.Service is terrible. Rooms are dirty &amp; very noisy. A/c does not work in many rooms. Rooms are tatty, Bathrooms filthy and smelly.Fire detection system/smoke detectors in our two rooms had been removed.Reception staff rude &amp; ill trained. I had to show them how to process my credit card.Hotel will quote one price then rip you off on check out by adding charges &amp; taxes that don't exist.Rooms badly constructed, I could see into the room nextdoor &amp; hear everything though a gap in the wall that you could get a hand through.Bare electrical cables in bedroom.DO NOT STAY HERE!	
May 17 2007 	Do not book here.	I booked 5 rooms with this hotel two weeks in advance - confirmed via email twice, just to be positive. I also called the week before arrival. My group arrived at 4pm on the day of reservation, only to be told that I had never confirmed the reservation. After I showed the manager my two emails from the property, he said that they still did not have rooms for us. No apology was offered.If you book with this hotel, do so at your own risk - they will not hesitate to lie to you.	
May 17 2007 	Awful Terrible Horrible	We had email confirmation from this hotel for 5 rooms, but when we arrived the desk clerk said we did not. We showed him the email that he, himself had written but it didn't matter. There were no rooms. This turned out to be very lucky for us because we toured some rooms and the place was pretty gross. Ganesha was in our corner as we found an excellent, clean place to stay next door. The Suncourt is definately one to avoid.	
Mar 9 2007	decent place helpful friendly staff	After a very bad experience my first night in Delhi I wandered around the neighborhood and found the Yatri. It was basic but clean with a friendly, helpful staff. It was a bit noisy but so was every other place I stayed in India. They room was a reasonable size for 2 people and had a small refrigerator. I paid about $50 US.	
Jan 14 2007 	realy pretty foul	its realy pretty foul,doesnt go on photos,small congested rooms,you cant move freely,in toilet only thin person can sit or move,average cleaness,too costly.	
Sep 1 2006 	Pretty foul	Suncourt Yatri is pretty foul - it doesn't look like the photos. Our room had a window that opened into an aircon vent and it looked like it was last cleaned in 1974. the rooms are very noisy so don't expect a good night's sleep. Staff were helpful and friendly.	
Jan 5 2008	Très propre un bon service		
