	Good but noisy	We stayed only one night and our room was close to the reception. All the noise from the hall way and reception could clearly be heard in our room all night. Also there were some cat fights under the window providing more noise. Try to get a room far away from the reception and/or wear earplugs.Eevrything else worked OK.	
Nov 20 2009 	Good Place to Stay	This hotel is fairly small but well sited in the middle of Delhi in Connaught Place. Rooms are variable in size but well appointed for us.Staff areexcellent and very helpful, whilst the attached restaurant has excellent food and service.Connaught Place itself is undergoing extensive restoration, so there is quite a bit of mess in the area.Only trouble with the hotel is that is no lounge area for friends to meet, but you can use the restaurant for this purpose without difficulty.	
Nov 19 2009 	Centrally located clean and with a good restaurant	As with other reviews the driver was unsure exactly where this hotel was on Connaught Circus. I recognised it as It looked exactly like the pictures on tripadvisor. Greeting was pleasant, room was small but clean and well appointed. Restaurant was excellent. Location was so central for that part of Delhi with plenty of shops, clubs and restaurants within a few minutes walk.There was some noise, perhaps from the cinema, but it wasn't unbearable. I'd definitely stay here again.By the way don't think about visiting the (fairly nearby) Indian Coffee House - what a dump!	
Nov 15 2009 	Clean rooms great service good location and value	The staff were very attentive and our room was exceptionally clean. It was also quiet which was great as it was daylight when we finally got to sleep, due to jet lag, yet we didn't hear any of the usual daytime traffic noise. The hotel was also kind enough to store one of our bags for a week while we visited some cities in Rajastan. Overall, a very enjoyable stay at a great price - Don't be put off by the exterior, it's great inside.	
Nov 13 2009 	Took our money and left us stranded on the streets of delhi at night!	My husband and I have traveled widely around India, yet nothing prepared us for the predicament we faced when we booked in to this hotel! Having consulted TripAdvisor and seen the high rating of Hotel Palace Heights we clicked on the booking which led us to hotels.com (expedia.in) through which we booked this hotel for 2 nights. Our booking confirmation from hotels .com came through and my husband's credit card was charged the full amount. We took a print out of the confirmation and having travelled via train from shimla we arrived at new delhi at 10 pm at night to be met with bewilderment at the front desk of the hotel palace heights! They saw our booking confirmation and said that they had not received any booking and that they had no rooms available for us. Without any apology they said that it must have been hotels.com's fault as they had NOT RECEIVED ANY BOOKING! We being visitors to Delhi did not know what to do next. Attempts to reach hotel.com at that hour failed so we were left in a dilemma as to where to spend the night. We eventually did manage to find an overpriced and badly located hotel later that night but our trip had been ruined by our experience.Hotel.com say its the hotels's fault and they have our money which HAS NOT YET BEEN refunded nearly three weeks after the incident! To sum it up : THIS HOTEL IS NOT ONLY EXTREMELY UNPROFESSIONAL BUT UNTRUSTWORTHY and brings this website's recommendations into disrepute. Be warned that if you book this hotel through this site you too may end up in our predicament, having to pay for a room that you are unable to stay in and with weeks of trouble trying to reclaim the money in vain.	
Nov 3 2009 	Excellent Value	I stayed at this hotel for one night in November. It was difficult for my taxi driver to find the hotel, and from the outside it doesn't look that great, but the rooms inside are great, with a modern and clean decor, flat panel TV, and a lovely bathroom. They're not huge rooms, but they're very comfortable. The location is perfectly central, there are loads of shops, restaurants, and ATMs when you step out of the hotel. All the staff, from reception to housekeeping, are very courteous and helpful. The food in the restaurant, Zaffran, is wonderful, and the service in there is also exemplary. There is also complimentary water, fruit and internet, and a welcome juice. I would rate this as higher than a 3 star. Also, just a note -- I ate all the fresh fruit provided in the room and got more when i finished. It was good to eat fruit that i could trust.	
Oct 31 2009 	Nice Place for tourists/night stay.	I visited Delhi as a tourist with my spouse and young kids. I didn't want to pay a very high price just for the few nights stay in a typical 5 star hotels, so I chose this hotel based on other reviews. All we needed a night stay in a safe, clean and comfortable place. Although little higher on the price side for what it offers (not very big, but ok size rooms). Location is perfect and rooms were very clean and comfortable. Bathroom was immaculate. Most site seeing locations are closer to this place and central park, Metro station is right there. Restaurant is also fabulous. Overall very nice experience and would recommend with high ratings. Free wireless Internet service. For vehicles, Parking on the streets, free of charge but not very difficult to find.	
Oct 27 2009 	very comfortable and excellent restaurant	The Hotel is very central. The room we had was clean and we were able to sleep 3 in the room. it is an expensive hotel, but worth it for the restaurant and its central position. The staff were extremely helpful, even to the extent of accompnaying us to find an ATM which worked.	
Oct 26 2009 	Excellent Good Value Down Town Hotel	Great location right in the heart of Connaught Place and close to the metro station. (Beware though, that because the hotel is quite small and with no street frontage to speak of, taxi drivers may not know where it is).The two best things about this hotel were the restaurant - great at both breakfast and dinner (some of the best food I've ever had in India) - and the enthusiasm of the staff and their willingness to help with everything.Rooms are well appointed and confortable. althougha bit on the small side. The AC can be a bit aggressive and in our room we were forced to turning it off during the night so as to avoid being too cold. However, that's a minor niggle.Internet worked fine and was reasonably fast.The only negative aspect was that having booked another couple of nights for the following week, we were informed the evening before we left that they were unable to honour these extra nights. Had I not gone to the desk to book a taxi for the following morning, I suspect that I wouldn't have found this out until too late.Good value for Delhi. Overall, recommended.	
Oct 25 2009 	Clean modern hotel	We stayed for 3 nights in late June and then for one night in early July on our way back home. The hotel was modern and very clean. The AC worked very well and it was a good escape from the very hot temps outside. Rooms were on the small side and there isn't much of a lobby, so if you wanted to sit around/linger this isn't really the place to do that. Our first room faced an interior air shaft/courtyard but the second one faced a side street. Staff was friendly and helpful and we met the owner one night who was also very pleasant and accommodating. Breakfast is included and there were both western (eggs, pancakes) options and Indian options. There isn't much to see in Connaught Place, but there are many restaurants in walking distance. It was strange to walk out on our first night for dinner and be one of the few people in the street in what is considered the center of town. The hotel arranged a car to pick us up at the hotel and the driver (Bobby) was nice but tried to sell us on his tour guide services the entire ride to the hotel. He even tried to take us to his office BEFORE dropping us off at the hotel, but we politely declined saying that after such a long trip we just wanted to get to the hotel and shower/sleep. This worked and he took us to the hotel. Because he was so friendly and seemed like a good guide we hired him to drive us around on a tour of Delhi a couple of days later and he barely spoke throughout the entire day that we spent with him. It seems he used all of his Delhi facts to get us to book with him and once we did he didn't have much more to say. His company seems to work exclusively with Hotel Palace Heights, so beware when booking tours through the hotel. He was nice and honest, but didn't offer much in way of a tour. Overall, the hotel experience was a good one. If what you're looking for is a modern, clean and safe hotel in the &quot;center&quot; of Delhi, then you can't go wrong with Hotel Palace Heights.	
Sep 1 2009 	perfect service	I stayed end of august (29.08.09) in this hotel in Delhi - and it was simply perfect!!! You can't ask for a nicer, welcoming service. Everybody from the staff was very friendly and tried to help in every way - from access to internet, to phoning at the agency where I've had booked an ac-cab for a sight seeing tour that didn't show up. The receptionist made it come in less than 5 minutes 8after I've waited half an hour in vain). M. Wasim at the reception desk was extremely kind, and also his colleague who was on duty after his shift.I only can recommend this hotel. Connaught place is in the very heart of Delhi, the rooms are comfortable, have European standard, what a pleasure to find a nice and clean bathroom after a travel through the Himalayas. a welcome drink (juice, of course it's India after all) was offered as well as a fruit basket. It was simply perfect.	
Aug 24 2009 	Definitively my favorite place in Norther India!	I stayed in India three weeks visiting Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal and Mumbay. I spent two nights at Palace Heights at the beginning of my trip and two at the end. The staff of the hotel is extremely friendly and efficient, making you feeling at home (if not even better!). The service is professional, discrete and very efficient. They arrange perfect tours and transfers from/to the airport. The hotel is a quiet oasis in the heart of Delhi, with clean rooms furnished in a contemporary design style. The restaurant is one of the best I tried in India, cozy and relaxing. You buy a five star quality hotel at the price of a three star! A modern and confortable hotel with a strong personality!	
Jul 12 2009 	Expensive/Annoying for the price	We could hear incessant banging in the first TWO rooms they put us in. After finally getting settled into a quiet room, we put on the do not disturb sign, but people kept calling and knocking on the door to give us things like cookies - nice, but annoying. They also pressured us into using their travel agent for a tour to the Taj Mahal. The car and driver was over priced and had barely working A/C. The driver didn't really talk to us (for the 2 hour there and 3 hour back drive) and kept making us go places to buy stuff (we didn't but he stopped anyway). The car didn't have seat belts. The staff at the hotel also told us differing info on how much things were going to cost and Monday through Friday the electricity goes on and off every so often.	
Jun 9 2009 	Nice but expensive hotel	We stayed two nights at Hotel Palace Height. The hotel is expensive for the size of the room &amp; bathroom we had. The view from the hotel room is not great.. On our first night we had no hot water, but the hotel staff fixed that problem very quickly. However the hotel staff are courteous and provided a good service.If you are in Delhi for a couple of days and want to be in a good location to the attraction, this hotel will be fine.	
Jun 4 2009 	Excellent service	I've stayed at this hotel a number of times so far - always for business - and the one thing that stands out is the customer service, and he staff's desire to please.The hotel is small, but very well kept, and clean. The wireless internet used to be problem, but they have fixed it. The food in Zaffran is excellent... the breakfast is to order, and always prepared very well. They cater to a lot of foreign tourists.The location of the hotel is superb. Right above the Metro station which makes traveling around Delhi a breeze. Its also in the heart of Connaught Place (CP) with plenty of options in shopping, restaurants, entertainment, and great to walk around in the evenings when traffic is a lighter.I've always had a pleasant experience at the hotel, and would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a clean, safe, and good place to stay. It is a little pricey, and I think would be better valued at about $25-30 below its current rates.	
May 20 2009 	take your chances	We stayed here on two separate occassions. We landed in Delhi and stayed the night before leaving elsewhere. Our first night was awesome. The room was small, but adequate. It was nicely decorated and clean. No complaints. When we returned a few days later it was a different story. Our room was even smaller than the first night. We were given dirty towels and bed sheets. The walls were scuffed and dirty. The thermostat control was so filthy it was black. When we complained, the staff apologized,but that was about it. It was hard to believe this was the same hotel.It wasn't cheap either. We paid $183.00 Cdn through Expedia, not good value for the money. We paid for a hotel transfer and didn't get one, nor did we get a refund. The outside of the hotel looks very rough, but once inside it is nicely decorated. The restaurant attached to the hotel, Zaffron offers great value for the money. The food and service was one of the best we had in India.	
Apr 30 2009 	A good staritng point	The service here was excellent, particularly in the restaurant. The rooms are very modern and the bathroom had a good shower. Rooms are a bit small with no view, but are kept very clean, with clean linen every day. Complimentary fruit, water and snacks are provided It was relatively expensive compared to the rest of India, but worth it for Delhi. Breakfast is included with the rate and has a good choice and a decent buffet. The food in the restaurant was one of the best Indian restaurants we visited and very good value	
Apr 29 2009 	Good hotel conveniently located on Connaught Place	Well located on Connaught Place and for getting a tuk tuk to the varying sites of Delhi. The hotel is better than an 'average 3*' rating but not good enough for a ' very good 4*' rating. The service was good and the rooms are clean, if a little on the small side. However, if you are only in Delhi for a day and a night (which we were) then it does exactly what you want. The restaurant (attached to the hotel) called Zaffran was very good.	
Apr 23 2009 	Excellent and well priced hotel right in the thick of it!	This was the third hotel we stayed in during our to-ing and fro-ing to Delhi. It was the cheapest (£98 per room per night inc breakfast), the nicest and the best placed hotel of the lot!The staff were great and very helpful. The room was lovely, clean and well equipped. Best of all was the restaurant and the central position. The breakfast was excellent and we ate at the restaurant too on our last night in India, which was reasonably priced and one of the best meals we had during our trip. The location couldn't be better - walk out of the door and you're right in the middle of the intensity that is Connaught place! But inside it's calm and a haven. If you've only got a few nights in Delhi - stay here.	
Apr 20 2009 	Perfect Boutique Hotel	If you are lookin for a hotel in Delhi which is centrally located, affordable, convinient then Palace Heights is the place to stay. The hotel is located on the inner circle of connaught place and is on the second floor. The approach kind of looks deceptive but once you enter the premises i bet you are heading for a good experience. Its a small property having 15-18 rooms only. There is a restaurant called Zafran which serves great Indian food and is also a popular among the locals. Complimentry morning breakfast is served here too. Being a small property you can be assured of personalised service. The staff right from the doorman at the entrance to the hotel manager are friendly and ever welcoming. The rooms are small but cant expect anything grand at that price (rs.6000 - 7000) in that part of the city. The room decor is modern and the bathrooms are done up well too. Its a great place for tourists who are lookin out for affordable accomodation, central location, not looking for aminities just wanting to sleep the night in good rooms eat good breakfat and get out to spend the day. Applies for business travellers as well.	
Apr 19 2009 	An individual hotel with personal service	We stayed for two nights at the palace heights and would definately recommend it. The room we stayed in was clean and with all the amenities you would expect, if a little small. The location is great for getting a feel for Dehli although I would warn you not to stray too far off the beaten track but this goes for everywhere in Dehli. The restaurant is excellent at a reasonable price. I know we could have eaten cheaper but for under ten pounds for more than the two of us could eat seemed a good deal to us especially as it was so good. The staff were friendly and helpful and we would go back again, in fact we did go back to the restaurant on our last night in India having unfortunately booked another hotel which wasn't nearly as good.	
Apr 18 2009 	Great in all respects	The well located Hotel Palace Heights is a Delhi oasis . The rooms are exceptionally clean and well thought out . They are well deocrated and all the things that you would expect from a good hotel have been considered such as good room service , wireless and various complimentary touches . The staff are exceptional and the service was excellent and attentive in all respects .The restaurant is also great and serves fanatastic food from North India , once again the service was great and the restaurant manager was particularly helpful in recommending dishes .Highly recommended	
Apr 10 2009	Fantastic hotel in a central location	The hotel is small but great, in a very central location in Delhi. The rooms were fantastic, I can't fault anything wrong with the rooms. The hotel restaurant was also great - I highly recommend it.	
Apr 6 2009 	Don't judge a book by it's cover	Arriving at Connaught Place, Delhi is an experience in itself. Oh my goodness, the driving is like nothing on earth I have ever seen before. Cars, people, bicycles, tuk-tuks and anything goes.From outside the hotel looks small and unassuming but once inside its cool air-conditioned loveliness all your travel stresses disappear. The Reception staff are very helpful and their english is excellent. We had arrived in India with only 3 of our 21 nights with a hotel booking, the hotel staff recommended a travel agent - Perfect Holidays, and a very helpful man, Javid organised the next 8 nights for us including internal flights, accommodation and a driver.The room was a little on the small side but very clean as was the bathroom with all the usual trimmings - extra loo roll, shower cap etc.The hotel is in a great location, smack bang in the middle of the shopping area and close to the underground Palika market. Breakfast in the Restaurant was lovely - choice of indian, continental or english. This was one of the better hotels we stayed in on our trip.	
Mar 30 2009 	Fab fab fab fab!!!	This was my second stay at palace heights, and it was just as great as the first one! This is definitely one hotel I would recommend people stay at, everytime you visit delhi. They have an excellent restaurant attached, and althou living in the UAE gives you access to great indian food, this is truly authentic. Their room service is even more fab, with meals reaching in 10mins! The rooms althou small are immaculately maintained and any troubles you may have are dealt with immediately. The staff, right from their manager to the various service attendants are so polite, its ridiculous. I have stayed at various hotels all over India and none have been this wonderful an experience. Literally, one can make no complaints. Its the perfect Boutique hotel. Only thing missing is possibly a spa, just to wrap the deal!Will definitely keep staying at Palace heights, everytime I do visit Delhi.	
Mar 21 2009 	Highly recommended - comfortable rooms with modern flair good food!	Situated on Connaucht Place. Spacious bedroom and bathroom. Furnishings all-round elegant and in very good condition. Amenities: Airconditioning functioned well, safe, upon arrival complementary fruit basket (1 apple, 1 orange, 2 bananas, 2 chocolate biscuits) and daily two large bottles of water, facilities to make tea or coffee, free daily newspaper. We like Indian food as authentic as possible, i.e. spicy and hot. Hotel Restaurant Zaffran satisfied both criteria. In fact, the food was absolutely delicious, delicately spiced, and not too hot. Two main dishes plus two portions of Naan bread and a bottle of water average cost between 775 and 900 Rupee. Although the breakfast buffet was rather simple, the food was good. The usual cereals, two kinds of fruit, bread, butter, jam and honey. Orders for eggs, bacon/sausages/ham, toast, coffee or tee are taken by a waiter. The coffee was absolutely fantastic! Each cup prepared separately with freshly ground coffee beans. The hotel &amp; restaurant staff was competent, very friendly and helpful. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay in this hotel.	
Mar 15 2009 	Great service location breakfast and value for money!	We only booked a day room at the Palace Heights at the end of our trip after arriving by sleeper train at 9:15 am and before flying home that night, but we would have no hesitation in using it for our entire stay in Delhi on our next visit. We had a smooth and speedy check-in, and being ravenous, as we had not eaten on the train that morning, went straight into breakfast which was delicious, especially the pancakes and capuccino! Our room was spotlessly clean and very comfortable, with a kettle and tea/coffee, the shower gave ample hot water and there were lovely toiletries. The hotel is on the first floor (there is a lift) which means the rooms are quiet, and its location on Connaught Square is excellent - we loved the great bookshop 2 blocks away. Best of all, however is the service: from the doorman downstairs who loaded our luggage into the lift and whisked us up to reception, to the smiling receptionist and waiters in the restaurant - nothing was too much trouble, and every member of staff was eager to please. I can highly recommend the Palace Heights as great value for money.	
Feb 27 2009 	The Best Ever ! Will be back for more	I'm so glad that I had chance to stay in Palace Heights.I was traveling alone to Delhi for architecture conference. I'm a woman and Delhi's first timer.I did my 'research' on tripadvisor and decided to choose 3 hotels for my stays: Ginger Hotel, Hans Hotel and Palace Heights.I had a good hunch with Palace Heights, since my first email conversation with their general manager, Mr. Joseph. He responded to my email and made me sure that my reservation is secured. Palace Heights is such a high demand hotel among travelers and I can see why during my stay.I loved the building and its settings. Palace Heights is an example of successful adaptive re-used building. The location is just perfect, in the center of CP and just a minute walk to fabIndia.I loved the hotel room - minimalist, simple and very clean. I loved the window which facing to CP and you can witness the bustling busy experience downstairs. And the goof thing is the room is very quite - you can't hear anything from outside.But the thing I loved more is the superb service and warm greetings ! From receptionist to restaurant, from housekeeper to general manager! They are doing their best to help me and make sure my stay is incredible. And they did.I'm really impressed when I asked their help whether I can print my essays for my presentation at the conference. They don't have business center. So what they did was, they take me to hotel's main office, which located couple blocks from the hotel. And they insist to take me by hotel's car. After I print everything, the car drove me back to hotel.The porter always accompanied me when I want to take a tuk tuk and made sure that the driver know where I want to go and bargain the price for me. And for the bonus - they have a free wifi !I'm so blessed with all kindness I accepted during my stay and I will be back for more Palace heights experience.	
Feb 10 2009 	High Standards at a reasonable price	Arrived from London, our pick up (arranged through the hotel) was waiting for us. The hotel is located in a good part of New Delhi, a short walk from shops and parks and the Metro is very close by. The hotel staff are extremely helpful and friendly, rooms are very clean and modern. The restaurant is excellent. The only negative points were: 1. We specifically booked twin beds (travelling with my daughter) and when we arrived this was not available. The first night they found us another room, on the second (a week later) they provided a Collapsible bed but this was quite uncomfortable. Unfortunately the same problem occurred wherever we stayed during the trip. 2. The second minor problem was the surging shower with fluctuating water temperature (not extreme so merely annoying).	
Jan 31 2009 	A great respite from the bustle of New Delhi	The location is fantastic, the Palace Heights give you an oasis of calm right in the middle of Connaught Place.The staff is extremely friendly and helpful, with good recommendations for restaurants in the area, since no matter how the the hotel restaurant is (and it it good) -- you can't eat there every night.The included fruits, water and breakfast help you get your day off to a good start easily with no hassle.I had also arranged airport pickup through the hotel and everything went very smoothly: driver was there on time, very professional etc..	
Jan 5 2009 	A Haven of Peace	My husband and I stayed at the Palace Heights at the start of our Indian holiday in November. We had arranged an airport pick up with them which sadly wasn't there when we landed. We called the hotel who immediately got a driver to us so we were not really delayed. On arrival (given that this was 6 in the morning) they got us a welcome drink and told us our room would be ready in 20 minutes. This was a real bonus as it meant we could have a sleep before hitting Delhi.Throughout our stay the staff were really helpful. Changing money for smaller notes, booking cars etc.Each day we had complimentary water and fresh fruit. The hotel was a real haven away from the bustle of Connaught Place and the food in the Zaffran restaurant was really good and service was also excellent.	
Dec 31 2008 	Good location tidy and professional staff	We stayed at the hotel various nights in December 2008 and used the hotel as our hub for a number of trips throughout India.The hotel has been renovated recently and now offers business-style, clean and tidy rooms with spacious beds and a fine bathroom (the best one we had during our trip, always enjoyed coming back there ...).From the hotel, you have easy acces to various shops (incl. Western shops with sometimes attractive proces) at Connaught Place, restuarants included. From the hotel its only a few meters to the new subway, that brings you e.g. directly to the railway stations for hardly any money. We used it several times and always enjoyed the ride.The hotel staff is professional and also takes take of the guest's needs. We used both airport pick-ups and drop-offs.The restaurant at the hotel offers very good food, the elevated prices (compared to other options outside the hotel) are worth it and the staff is great and friendly.There might be cheaper place to stay in Delhi, but Palace Heights benefits from its central location, professional staff and proper rooms. We'd go back there if we return to Delhi.	
Dec 3 2008 	Fantastic!	Stayed at the hotel for a business trip, the rooms were lovely and the staff extremely helpful. Will definitely be staying there for my next trip to Delhi! Highly recommended.	
Dec 2 2008 	Great Stay	We stayed here for two nights after arriving in Delhi from the US. We went ahead and arranged for transport to the hotel (RS. 800) to avoid having to deal with prepaid taxis upon arrival. The hotel is about 45 minutes away from the airport. Check-in was smooth and though our room was a bit small, it was very comfortable. We were provided with complementary fruit and bottled water daily. I especially appreciated how quiet it got at night. We had a minor issue with the hot water but it was rectified very quickly. Breakfast in the hotel was good and very convenient. We had dinner at Bukhara at the Maurya. The food was fabulous!The hotel arranged for a day tour of Delhi using their car and also for early morning transport to the Delhi railway station. Although we found the tariff to be a little overpriced, we would definitely stay here again for the amenities and the convenience.	
Dec 1 2008 	An affordable gem	Recently, I was looking for a centrally located, hotel in Delhi, which was not $300/ night! Happened to go through the reviews on your website and came across Hotel Palace Heights in Connuaght Place that seemed to fit in my budget, and scheme of things – both in terms of location and just the general feel. I was able to easily make my bookings through emails that were promptly answered and all doubts were clarified. From the moment I entered to the time I checked out (4 days), I knew I had made the right choice and had found really good hotel in Delhi. A place that I would like to come back to and recommend to others. The rooms were very clean and done in a very fashionable style, but most importantly comfortable to stay in. Some hotels take fashion to an extreme and make it uncomfortable But this place seems to have struck the right balance. The in-house restaurant was an absolute treat. Seems to be a very popular choice as there was a long waiting even on weekdays. The hotel was very courteous to keep tables for hotel guests on hold and never made us wait for a table. Plus a special discount for hotel guests in the restaurant. Also the room service was very efficient and even at 3 am in the morning the food was served with a smile. The Internet was truly, wireless and truly unlimited with no snags or hidden costs. In India, many a places advertise about their wireless but it really is pathetic. Initially, I had some technical difficulty getting on to their wireless on my MAC, but the front office guy came and solved everything within no time. A suggestion to the hotel: it really is a nice place, though they do have a long list of wines, cocktails and all kinds of alcohols being served; available in the rooms and in the restaurant. A small watering hole that one can go to after a long day of work in the city will go a long way in making me feel even more at home. Wink wink.	
Nov 1 2008 	Definately a good place to stay Service is the best	After reading the revieiws, we booked the hotel. I was hoping for a clean place, and they defnately met that requirement. The room we had was a bit small as others had pointed out, but it was clean, well equipped, comfortable, and right in the middle of the city, close to most everything.The real standout was the service at the hotel. They carried our bags, arranged for transportation, had excellent room service, and met any extra request we had. One of our travelers in the groups was sick. They went out and got her medication we requested, made special meals for her, and kept an eye on her when we went out exploring the city. I couldn't have asked for anything more for my little sister when she was sick.Definately eat in the hotel's restaurant. It is great food. I was really worried when we arrived, because from the outside, it looks like a hole in the wall and I would never have booked it, but it is completely different from the inside. Don't let the outside picture worry you.Because it is located in the heart of the city (Connaught Place), it is a bit expensive, but you are paying for the location. It is definately cheaper than other hotels around the area when we were looking.	
Oct 4 2008	Great choice in this price range.	The Palace Heights is probably one of the best hotels in Delhi in the moderate price range. The location, rooms, service are great and the restaurant is fantastic. The staff were especially helpful and welcoming. Highly recommended.	
Sep 22 2008 	It's ok - but come for the food	Good points:- No noise from street- Central location- Cheap / good value- Good facilities in room (plasma TV, large bathroom, minibar)- EXCELLENT restaurant with 24 hour room service. Come here like the locals to eat fantastic North Indian food- Very reliable airport transfers, cars were right on time- Helpful staff who rectified issues immediately (see below)Bad points: - Noise from other people's rooms, slamming doors, voices in the corridor etc- Bed sheets and towels were dirty when I arrived - but this was quickly rectified - Surfaces also dirty - reception didn't apologise but immediately sent a cleaner - Expensive minibar - but what do you expect! - The sink drain was very smelly and some flies congregated around itIt's a good choice but expect some noise from other guests, and question the reception if you don't feel things are that clean.	
Sep 10 2008 	Friendly 	I've booked this hotel via Desiya an Indian website and got a good price. I was a bit concerned as I was going over with my small fella and the wife. It has been a wonderful experience - breakfast was brilliant as they had continental as well as Indian Poori Bhaji which was delicious! As my wife was indisposed for 3 days they made hot chapatis to take into the room and my son enjoyed his cereals. I had my Beer &amp; dinner all days at the hotel and the service was attentive - they served good mughalai dishes! My son had Rice &amp; Dal Makhni all the time which he call Brown Sauce!! As mentioned already the TV is good as all rooms had independent SKY receivers for entertainment. This is a very well located hotel for shopping trips to Pallika Bazaar and short distance away from Ghafaar market, thoroughly enjoyed the walking until I got dehydrated?!!! Very clean place which has recently been redecorated - recommended.	
Sep 3 2008 	Clean Modern cozy central	While travelling to India I booked through the internet this hotel.There were not many pictures and not much information but reviews seemed to be good enough so I took the risk. It was well worth it. This small hotel in the centre of New Delhi, is not only close to everything but may be the the best choice for an affordable yet clean and beautiful stay. It was recently renovated and although the rooms are small, it has good service, it is clean and quiet (unlike the rest of India). has aircondition (but no heating.. even though the temperature on January is quite low.). I definitely reccomend it as a safe, cheap, and clean choice.	
Sep 2 2008 	Fantastic!	A true gem. Hotel Palace Heights is a superb boutique hotel in the heart of Delhi. Exceptional service and friendly staff had us staying at this quiet hotel twice this summer. Spotless rooms and central location, the hotel's Saffron Restaurant is also a treat.Staying there was truly heaven. Our thanks to the wonderful staff who made our stay in Delhi memorable.	
Aug 12 2008 	Clean great staff - a little gem	While a lot less ostentatious and pricey than the big international hotels in ND, this little place really deserves its high rating.Stayed here for a few days arriving in India, and then again one night before shipping back to Europe. The staff is extraordinarily friendly, and the rooms are clean with comfortable beds and have good modern amenities (plasma TV every room with international news channels for those of us that still like to stay in touch). While located smack in the middle of Connaught Place with plenty of restaurants around, the hotel restaurant is also worth a visit. Well priced and delicate food, looked after and managed by a very helpful manager and really nice staff.The only drawback is the lack of pool / SPA. For that, you have to go to the bigger hotels in the outskirts of town (well, so so) so its up to you if you want to make that trade off. All in all, a place we can warmly recommend!	
Jul 10 2008 	Clean safe and comfortable hotel in Dehli!	Arrived in New Delhi and our transfer was waiting, as promised. Check-in was easy and the staff were great. The room was modern, but small and the view was less than spectacular. If you plan to be in Delhi for a short stay and will be on the go most of the time, this place is great. If you are planning to spend nights in, it could feel a bit tight. That said, everything else was amazing. The room itself is has a flat screen TV, snacks of fruit and bottled water at no extra charge. Room service is great and it's offered 24 hours a day. The linens were very nice and very clean. The pillows were lovely. The bathroom had beautiful floor to ceiling marble, the shower was large and there was a good supply of hot water. I think the power may have been an issue once, but not bad. The towels were clean and all the toiletries offered were nice. The complimentary breakfast was huge! For the low price this is a winner, clean, great service and a central location make this hotel hard to beat!	
Jun 16 2008 	comfortable stay	I stayed in the hotel for two nights &amp; had both the dinners here. The hotel is a contemporary one with all the style, elegance &amp; modern amenities. The food in the restaurant- Zaffran was really blessings to the tastebuds.	
Jun 8 2008 	Stay away for the love of God	We just completed a 5 days stay at the hotel. two days prior to our arrival we asked for airport pickup. That didn't happen, and not much of an apology was provided.We arrive at the hotel. and it takes them 30 minutes to check us in, even though we are the only ones there. Funny thing about that, the hotel claim to have 40 rooms, actually they only have 15. and the lies continue. They also claim to have free internet access. what they mean is, if you have a good internet subscription for your phone, it will also work within their hotel. They still tried to convince me they actually did have a wireless network, I said show me, then they said, they don't know how, and they can't call anyone.The room is so small, you feel clostrophobic. And the aircondition only has icy cold or really hot. The &quot;fancy&quot; flatscreen is the oldest LCD samsung available, and the picture quality is awful. All the furniture is cheap plastic.Someone below has mentioned they give complementary fruits, water and cookies. but don't eat the cookies, otherwise, you don't get any new ones, and if you don't eat the fruit, they just leave it. see the tasty picture of the moldy fruit. and even the bottled water is expired. are you kidding me.The building, is a completely delapidated building, doesn't matchwebsite pictures.the &quot;wonderful restaurant and breakfast&quot; that someone mentioned. There are two fruits cut last night, some cereal, and then you can order and omelet or pancakes. Don't do the last, it gave us a little brown present for two days - if you know what I mean.Location: connaught place is really dirty, shopping is very good, but you just feel disgusted with the dirt and flies. If you are Indian, no problem, but if you are white, there are 1000 conmen ready to approach you in a very aggresive way. Our Indian friend also advised us not to go outside after 7. yes, I said 7.Now to the masterpiece. The reception. They are 20 years old, and have the combined intelligence of a 10 year old. They cannot answer any questions, like airport question, shopping question, internet question, etc etc. When we were checking out, the boy spent 30 minutes counting the minibar, and when we went back to the room, he actually checked one more time before we could leave, just to make sure we didn't take a 40 Rupee cola. keep in mind we just spent 32500 rupees for the room.All in All, do yourself a big favour. Do not budget travel in Delhi. We have been to a few hotels in India, and this one takes the price. WOW.	
Apr 25 2008	fine for a short stay	Arrived at this hotel located on the second floor of a period building overlooking Connaught Place just before midnight and the staff were expecting us. The room is clean, functional and 'modern', with mock wooden floors and minimalist furniture, decorations and bathroom. Linen was spotless and towels plentiful, and there were chocolate biscuits for an evening snack along with complimentary bottled water. But the room felt small, and if there was any more than one of you it would not be somewhere you could relax at the end of a long day's sightseeing or really get comfortable if you just wanted a 'day off'. There’s something a bit clinical and cold about the décor. We stayed there in transit (arrived midnight, departed 0700 the next morning) and it was fine, as it would be if you were on business and in meetings all day. Breakfast was included in the room rate and you can have it either in the restaurant or delivered to your room (no extra charge). The breakfast was fine without being memorable. The hotel gets an 'above average' rating because it was clean, the staff helpful, and the cost spot-on.	
Apr 21 2008 	very nice hotel	We stayed 4 nights in this nice hotel very welll located, clean , staff is very nice and helpfull at the reception and in the hotel restaurant The Saffran In a previous review one person mention that the only bad thing he could say was that the towel were old, well they replace it for new one The beds are very confortable . They give you every day 2 bottles of water and fruits , newspaper in the morning and on arrival they serve you juice. We tried near the hotel the Zen restaurant which was very good , it is about 5 minutes by walk from the hotel on your right side when you get out of the hotel. Do not be surprise but when you arrive the building do not announce what is inside the hotel is on the seconf floor of an old buiding, the hotel was renovated 1 year ago. It is not expensive for New Delhi do not hesitate to book .	
Apr 17 2008 	Great	Just great. Very well located in Connaught Place, great rooms, nice furnished and modern decoration, flat screen tv, nice bathrooms, nice restaurant, very friendly staff, affordable... Definitely this is the kind of hotels you want to find. I'll be back.	
Apr 15 2008 	Very good hotel	I went to India on April the 3rd and stay at Palace Heights for 2 days after going to Jaipur, and stayed there in the last night in India on April the 10th. This is a very nice hotel, good rooms, not very large but OK, with LCD TV and they offer each day mineral water and a fruit basket. The bathroom was very good too.The dinner and breakfast room was nice, and the staff very friendly. And I must say this is an hotel in the center of Delhi, near the Indian and international shops. I recommend this hotel.	
Apr 10 2008 	Cute little hotel	Very small room. The staff were friendly and helpful . It's very good for the price and location and running around in Delhi.The restaraunt, Zaffron, is the best thing about this hotel. The menu is great and the prices are about $15 per meal.I recommend this hotel when you are in Delhi.	
Apr 8 2008 	Refreshingly good...a must stay on your visit to Delhi	Location: at the heart of the city. you can never ask for a better location. This is considered to be the finest location in New Delhi.Rooms, Staff, Service, Reception: ExcellentBreakfast: Complimentry and excellent choice of menu.Very good decor and so peaceful.	
Apr 4 2008 	A Hidden Gem	Excellent management &amp; staff:-This place has an unassuming front and is fairly new. Small with 14 rooms, but excellently managed. Well staffed and no pressure to tip whatsoever. Your every wish is their command and they make you feel special. Asked for hair dryer, iron, extra towels etc. and all supplied within minutes. Forgot to switch off the &quot;do not disturb sign&quot; outside the door on one occasion. Hence found rooms not made on return in evening. Called reception. No problem. Room made up in 10 minutes. Seldom does one see such service.No queues for check-in or check out as there are only 14 rooms.24 hour room service @ no extra charge. Safe deposit &amp; Minibar Good air con / heating .Thick fabric window blinds keep the blazing sunlight out and let you have a late morning sleep.Plasma TV on wallComfortable super king size bed with nice pillowsLarge interior illuminated wardrobe with plenty of space. 2 full length dressing mirrors on wall .Complimentary breakfast - cereal, fruit juice,egg, bacon, sausage, toast, Indian poori with potato masala. Egg served many ways. Try the masala omlette which is like a spanish omlette &amp; is lovely. Coffee expresso, cappucino or simply black.Free newspaper and a call for breakfast before they close at 10.30am (in case you forget)!Toilet:Extremely clean &amp; shiny toilet with a brilliant shower. Plenty of hot water. Shampoo, body lotion and soaps all provided. This the only hotel toilet I have ever seen where the mirrors do not get misted after a shower, thanks to the excellent ventilator fan, which also removes any odours instantly. Plenty of thick clean towels.Airport pick up by hotel worked well.Restaurant:Checked in at 12pm after a late flight and although it was closing time for the attached Zaffiran restaurant, they still let me order from the menu! Their food is very good . Tandoori chicken cooked to perfection. Also try their lamb dish (cant remember the name) which is a whole leg of lamb prepared with exquisite spices. The hyderabadi mutton biriyani is also recommended. Plenty of locals eat here. For $25 2 people can have a three course meal! Nice decor and ambience as well.And all this for GBP $150 per night in Connaught place. What more can you ask for? Interestingly, when I tried to book rooms via trip advisor, all the booking agents said &quot;room not available&quot; and offered rooms at other places, but when I emailed the hotel directly, they had vacancies!On the other hand if you want window views and gardens, look elsewhere, but for the price, this place cant be beaten.Certainly recommended and will stay here again.Good management always counts!	
Apr 3 2008 	Did not honor reservation agreement	I shared a room with two friends. The manager confirmed via email that we would have the room for six nights before we paid our deposit. On arrival they told us we will only have the room for three nights. Different people manning the hotel reception gave conflicting reasons why this is so. However their reasons were not convincing as from the booking screen on their computer we noticed that two other guest were booked into our reservation. Furthermore the manager that agreed on our six night reservation is nowhere to be found even by his own staff. They tried to move us to another related hotel that is out of the city center which we refuse to due to their prior breech of trust. We were in Delhi for a conference and had to skip part of it to look for another hotel. This was extremely disruptive. The impression I have is the hotel tries to get you there before moving you to a less popular co-owned hotel due to &quot;unforeseen circumstances&quot;. I recommend not using this hotel for important business since they do not honor their reservation agreements unless you do not mind finding another hotel at the last minute. Apart from this, the rooms are well furnished as expected for the price that they charge, and service is prompt.	
Mar 30 2008 	Great Choice for One Night	Overall, this was a fine place to stay for one night; however, no one met us on arrival at IGIA to take us to the hotel, even though we had previously booked the transfer and re-confirmed prior to arrival. Not the best way to start off our stay. The hotel claims someone was there, and we just didn't see him. We waited for 45 minutes, then decided that no one was coming. There were TONS of drivers with signs waiting, just not for us. We took a pre-paid taxi, which was easy and reasonable, but taxi drivers don't seem to know where this hotel is. If they can get you to Connaught Place (which they DO know), just stop someone on the street and ask for the hotel, telling them that it's located behind the Odeon Cinema (there is more than one cinema in Connaught, though). The hotel is very small and unassuming, somewhat difficult to spot from the street (it's on the second/upper floor above storefronts). There is an entry door on the ground level, which was well-lit and staffed by a security guard and two other employees (e.g., bellman and restaurant maitre 'd, I think). There is a lift to the second floor. The lobby area is tiny (just the front desk and two chairs), off which is the Zaffron restaurant (attractive, well-staffed, but we only had drinks so I can't comment on the food). Our room was tiny as well, just enough room to walk around the perimeter of the bed. The bathroom was a decent size, with standing shower and Western toilet. Some basic toiletries were provided. Hairdryer upon request. The room was very modern and pleasant-looking, with a comfy bed, suede throw pillows, and flat-screen TV. Complimentary wi-fi access in the rooms worked perfectly. Two bottles of complimentary water were provided, along with chocolates and a fruit plate (we did not get to sample the included breakfast due to an early departure), welcome drinks upon arrival. The hotel was able to change money for us; there was no ATM machine visible nearby. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again; it's a great value (approximately $150 USD for a double room) once you find the location.	
Mar 9 2008	Excellent hotel	stayed 1 night, extremely helpful staff, clean modern room, good restaurant, a sanctuary in the middle of delhi, very near excellent metro system stationi have only positives to say about this hotel	
Feb 21 2008 	Smashing hotel !!! Clean tidy and central!! 4 star !!!	This hotel is lovely. its clean tidy and very well positioned. it bang in the heart of everything. I would rate it as 4 star !!!The staff are friendly and alway willing to help you.There is also a lovey restaurante in the hotel.The rooms are fitted with a plasma screen tv and mini bar.There is also a railway near by. we went to agra for the day to see the taj mahal. its 2 hours on the express train or 4 hours on the normal locals train. we went on the express train to agra and returned on the locals train just for the experience. i would reccomend this.	
Feb 16 2008 	good central hotel	This is a really good hotel to arrive to in delhiIts in a central location and the staff were very nice even though there were too many knocks on the door for one thing or anotherIt was clean and comfortable but the towels were old and grey!When i started looking for a hotel in delhi it was really difficult to find one that wasn't either really expensive or that looked dirtyThis was neither even though it was more expensive than any other hotels i stayed in in india but it was definitely worth it	
Jan 27 2008 	Wonderful Boutique Hotel	The Hotel Palace Heights is certaintly excellent value for a stay in central Delhi.The service overall is outstanding. Full of nice touches - complimentary fruit bowl &amp; chocolates on arrival - the best hotel soaps &amp; lotions I have ever used - and very good breakfast with courteous &amp; professional staff. The rooms *are* small (as is the hotel - no large foyer or bars you enter via lift) so I would not book for an extended stay - but they are as modern and stylish as you will find anywhere, for a weekend or overnight you couldn't ask for more. I booked direct via email - and though I had change my original booking to 1 night (from 2) in email this was not acknowledged - so ensure you are clear from the outset. But I was not penalised so all went well. I'm in debt to the fellow reviewers on this website - I would not have found or chosen it without your help - so I am glad to add my voice to chorus of approval - my only regret is not staying in Delhi for longer !	
Jan 6 2008 	Pleasantly surprised	When I first started searching the net for a Delhi hotel I was horrified at the cost of accommodation. We definitely wanted to stay in or close to Connaught Place because it is so central and position is very important . I realised I would have to pay a bit more than usual but searched for medium hotels. The Palace Heights looked ok and the photos on the hotel website were good. It said that the hotel had recently been re-furbished. I realise now that this refurbishment is in preparation for the 2010 Commonwealth Games. Took the plunge and booked. My husband and I were travellling with another couple and none of us were strangers to India, so we were prepared for disappointment. Arrived at the airport and took a pre-paid taxi. Remember to have the printed full address on hand to show the driver. Connaught Place is divided into sections and it's important for the driver to have the full address. We arrived and took the lift to reception. Looked allright, clean and modern. Yes, they were expecting us (relief) and we were shown to our rooms. Airconditioned, modern and clean with flat screen television on the wall. The bathroom was compact, marble and clean. There was no view from the window but yes, the hotel passed our test. We ate at the restaurant and it was excellent. It was packed with locals which is always a huge recommendation. We stayed three nights and had no complaints. Then we left our heavy luggage there while we travelled in Rajasthan for a week. We returned for a final night, luggage was safe and sound, restaurant still great, the staff always obliging. Breakfast was served in the restaurant and was ordered from the menu - nothing flash but certainly good. This is a good hotel and certainly fits the bill for those not wanting to pay 5 star Delhi prices but wanting pleasant surroundings, cleanliness and a safe place to rest and of course position.	
Jan 4 2008	Great Hotel in the heart of New Delhi	Hotel Palace Heights in New Delhi is a great hotel. We stayed there on two seperate occasions during our trip to India and were pleased with both experiences. The hotel has been renovated relatively recently. The rooms are very modern and sleek, and most importantly, clean. The room we got on our first night in Delhi was small, but comfortable. The bathroom was clean and new, and the water hot. On our second time around, the room was bigger, which was nice, and equally clean and comfortable. It seems in Delhi that there are few options in the mid-range budget - everything is either ridiculously expensive and luxurious, or ridiculously cheap and disgusting. Hotel Palace Heights is right in the middle in terms of price and a wonderful bargain. It is in the heart of Connaught Place, too, which is an excellent location. The attached restaurant, Zaffran, is delicious. The food is safe and clean and really excellent. The service matches the food and decor. Like many places in India, the menu shows no liquor or beer, but it is available, which you will no doubt be glad to know after any amount of time in India. The staff were kind and helpful. Highly recommended.	
Jan 2 2008 	Heaven after Hell!	We stayed here for 1 night on the 13th December after 2 nights at the Hotel Ajanta (see seperate review).This hotel is in Connaught Place, section D. We booked with the hotel after turning up with our suitcase! I was trying to work out where to stay in the taxi from the Ajanta Hotel, it was that bad! This hotel worked out at approx £80 bed &amp; breakfast for the two of us.Room was small but had everything you needed, reminded me of a Marriott hotel back home. Bathroom was lovely, water was either very hot or cold but hey a small price considering where we had just come from! Plasma TV on wall, coffee &amp; tea facilities. They also gave us fresh orange juice and a fresh fruit platter - nice touch! Breakfast was freshly cooked. This area is very western with KFC, Macdonalds, TGI Friday's etc but we ate at a restaurant next door from our hotel called The Embassy - nice food but be aware as not only do they add a service charge they also add 'output VAT'.  I would recommend anyone to stay here but as it's a little bit expensive it would probably be ok for the 1 night.	
Dec 1 2007 	A pleasant place to stay in New Delhi	My girlfriend and I stayed one night at Hotel Palace Heights in New Delhi on 27/11/07. Having spent most of our holiday in India (Rajasthan) in budget accommodation, we decided to spend a bit more to just chill out for our last night in India.Our double room cost 5500Rs + 12.5% tax including breakfast. The room was excellent - comfortable, extremely clean, a nice ambience (the staff said the hotel had been refurbished around February this year). There were some nice touches like complimentary welcoming drinks (apple juice) and later a fruit platter during our stay. Service at the hotel was reasonable without being fabulous. Reliable hot water but in our room it was very difficult to find a comfortable temperature (ie. temp was either very hot or cold).Because we didn't really spend much of our holiday in similar accommodation, I am unsure whether this price is reasonable or comparable to other hotels in New Delhi. The only thing I could compare it to is Hotel Jukaso Inn (Connaught Place), recommended by Lonely Planet, which we booked online in a last minute rush for our first night in India, for which we foolishly paid 3850Rs + tax for a double room - it was terrible (dirty, small)... completely different to Hotel Palace Heights, which is literally a few doors away.	
Nov 27 2007 	Great hotel great location	Hotel Palace Heights is a great hotel in a great situation in Delhi.The staff were lovely and the level of service was amazing. The room was small but very nicely furnished although there were no views. The bed was very comfy.We ate lightly in their restaurant on our last night in India the food was good and I felt that we should have taken advantage of this earlier in our stay.Although our room was small, I felt that the Hotel Palace Heights is aspiring to great things.	
Nov 23 2007 	Lovely small hotel	This is a very small and charming hotel situated very centrally in the buzz of Connaught Place, about 45 mins drive from the airport. It has been very recently refurbished to a high standard with modern and tasteful decor. The staff were very friendly, courteous and attentive throughout my 2 night stay. The room was not particularly large, but had a big bed, flat screen tv, and immaculate marble bathroom with large shower. There is no view to speak of, but that didn't bother me. The restaurant is also excellent, serving very tasty and good value Indian food in pleasant surroundings, with a good choice for breakfast (not buffet). I found it very difficult to find a reasonably priced hotel in Delhi which looked any good, and did not want to stay in the big chain hotels. This hotel fitted the bill perfectly - I can thoroughly recommend it to anyone.	
Nov 23 2007 	Excellent hotel	Palace heights is an excellent hotel at a great location. Close to the metro from where you can explore the whole city. Rooms are clean and everything works. Very nice and helpful staff. Really a great place to stay for peoplpe who want a save haven in a crazy city !! Close to all the shops at Cannaugt place.	
Jun 27 2007 	Excellent place to stay	This Hotel is located in CP in Delhi. Simply VOW... I think its a boutique hotel.Its truely amazing. Room rent was around Rs 4500/= for single room and experience was fantastic.Room was very small but stylishly done. It had flat screen TVand the interiors were superb.Thumbs up and 5 stars to this hotel.	
Feb 24 2009	toll - aber...		
Apr 17 2008 	Absoluter Geheimtipp		
