Nov 22 2009 	Bad start at the Vivek	We arrived in Delhi at around 4am and were picked up by the Vivek staff. On arriving at the Hotel we asked to see our room before paying. We were shown a horrible, dirty room. The bed was a short, misshaped double with a thin bit of grubby foam for a mattress, a window was hanging off, the bathroom looked awful. We had booked a standard, not economy room, on the strength of photos on the website. We expected te actual room not to be as good as the photo, but this bore no comparison. We were shown another room that was much better, a (worse) variation of the photo on the net but was told this room was 1200R as opposed to the 650R agreed online. We managed to argue the manager down to 800R for the better room but felt we had been conned. It wasn't a good start to our first India trip after 24 hours travel, it made us expect to have similar problems at other hotels, luckily this experience wasn't repeated. The resturant was quite nice. Staff were friendly, food fine, relaxing atmosphere.	
Oct 30 2009 	Indeed the worst hotel in India	I agree with mharley86 - the hotel is awful! The staff was not friendly, we arrived at 1.00 am and the check in was a real absurd - we had to pose to pictures holding our passports by our faces :// All the rooms we have been shown were dirty and sordid, before we entered the man from the hotel kicked off bags with rubbish. I guess they have various rooms, but the ones we saw and the one we already took were horrible... When I saw a new Vivek webpage, I thought I was going to die from laughing - it seems to be at least 4 star hotel!Last year I heve been had...	
Sep 19 2009 	Value..	Travel to delhi often and not on a very high budget. Its basic and clean I think they are refurbishing so ask for the newly renovated rooms.. Its got a nice restaurant and is centrally located.. cant ask for more for the amount I paid..Cheers..	
Sep 14 2009 	Worst hotel in India	Really, this hotel was completely awful. We arrived in Delhi at 4am, and were met at the airport by someone holding our names on a sign, as we had paid the hotel for a taxi pickup. However, all the guy with the sign did was call a taxi for us, which took nearly 30 minutes, and it was a complete rip-off as it was more than double the price of our return taxi to the airport. Having to wait for 30 minutes after travelling for 20 hours at 4 in the morning wasn't great either. The hotel was a complete dump, with the manager insisting we had to fill out all the forms there and then despite how tired we were, not letting us see the rooms and insisting we had to pay up front for our stay. We were so tired we decided to chance it, which was a massive error. The rooms were absolutely filthy, unquestionably the worst we found in India (we travelled in India for a month). The 'air-cooler' didn't work, the shower was non-existent, in one of the rooms the toilet didn't flush at all, and there were bugs everywhere. When we complained we were met by shrugs and indifference by the manager, who clearly did not care at all what we thought of his hotel. The rooms were so hot and disgusting we gave up trying to sleep and got the earliest train we could find to Agra that day. I'm pleased to stay that every hotel in India after Vivek was much better. I've travelled to Morocco, Australia, and throughout South-East Asia, South America and Europe, and I've never encountered a worse hotel than Vivek. I could not more strongly recommend that other travellers avoid it.	
Sep 2 2009 	Great for backpackers...	We stayed in a so-called luxury room which was ok to stay at. It was clean, had tv, a fridge and a/c. You could also use the internet (for a few rupees) and book a tour to the Taj Mahal in the hotel's travel agency for a good price. The hotel is located in a busy market street near Connaught Place. There, you can get anything what a tourist's heart desires - from saris to henna tattoos. However, I would recommend not to eat at the hotel's restaurant and instead look for an alternative e.g. at Connaught Place.	
Aug 26 2009 	Good for a cheap central stop over	The location is good and we were picked up by taxi as promised. We had a club room with a quite new bathroom (room 103) but it did not have a window. The check in is slow but the staff were helpful. Sam's cafe on the roof was a good place to eat and it is being made bigger. I think this hotel is a safe bet for quick stop overs in and out of India (I stayed for the first and last day of my trip only). If you want to chill out in your room go somewhere with a window but pay more.	
Aug 19 2009 	Indifferet views but a good hotel..	Indifferent views but a good hotel..I was a bit apprehensive before booking this hotel because of the indifferent reviews I read but I took the word of a friend who stays there a lot. I arrived and my room was booked and the check in was smooth. Then in the morning I ordered room service and it was slow but the food was good.I really liked the restaurant its clean and serves up a few good dishes.. I suggest this place to my friends an the readers .. Cheers..	
Jul 31 2009 	Value for your money	A number of previous reviews seem to be very upset with this hotel and i think that is mainly due to people not expecting what they find in Pahar Ganj --- a wild whirling mass of people, smells, shops and food!!! It sounds fantastic but be warned, this is most densely populated part of Delhi (in a city / country with existing population problems!).The Bad news : Almost all the hotels are old and score very low on cleanlinessThe Good News : The entire area is geared to the foreign tourist so you shouldnt have any problem getting things to eat, wear and show-foff :)Also, you have a lot (hundreds!) of choice in this area. So if you have the time, book into any hotel for 2 nights and then shop around and you'll find something perfect for your budget.Oh wait, i forgot that this is supposed to be a review of the hotel. The hotel itself has seen it's days, but if you can afford one of the newly furnished rooms (Rs 1200) then you should be quite comfortable.The rooftop restaurant is very good as long as you stick to good ole Indian fare... although they do have a wide choice of palatable western dishes too.And despite the previous reviews i found the service to be warm and friendly. In fact, I had booked online for 4 nights but arrived 2 nights late. I thought the money was down the drain since it was too late to ask for a refund, but they quite willingly upgraded me to a better room!I think the previous reviews have made them change what they can.... for the better.	
Jul 30 2009 	Vivek hotel do not stay in this filthy dump	We arrived late at night at delhi airport and were met at the airport as arranged by someone from the vivek hotel. Then things started to go down hill. The man who had been paid to meet us was constantly pestering us for a tip. When we arrived at the hotel it was filthy and the room we had booked was nothing like the pictures on their website. It was filthy, dark , dingy and damp. So damp in fact the camera lens was misting up each time I took a picture. The corridors were full of old sinks and bits of rubbish. We were offered a better room but at double the price. It was 2 oclock in the morning so they had us over a barrel. We stayed one night and found another hotel the next morning. I have stayed in a lot of budget hotels all over the world and can in no way be described as fussy. This hotel can best be described as a filthy rip off dump.	
Jul 19 2009 	Just ok	We booked the Vivek online from home and brought a printout of the email confirmation with us, but still got cheated on the price! We arrived and they took us to our room. When my husband went down to check-in and pay, they told him the price was much higher than our email agreement. They explained that we were in a better room. We never asked for any particular room, or course (and this one wasn't great, believe me!). He bargained them a bit lower, but we still ended up paying more than agreed to by email. Welcome to India, I guess, but it was frustrating. They hotel is well-located and fine enough, but we found a much better place in Cottage Yes Please just down the block a bit, which has an amazing veggie South Indian place across from it (Malhotra's Dosa Please) that is much better than the restaurant next to Vivek.	
Jun 12 2009 	Terrible rooms - good location	Really interesting to see how different people rate this place. We were clearly not expecting much, but compared to the other hostels we stayed in during our holiday in India, this was the worst place and actually closer to a 1-star than 2-star rating. If there are renovated rooms as described in other reviews, we certainly did not get one. The staff was quite uninterested in our well-being, and the food was below average. Better visit the small restaurant 50m down the road where the Indians eat too - much better food for half the price!	
May 27 2009 	Value	They gave me one of their renovated rooms and I loved it. Spacious, clean and well furnished. Service is good and the Hotel houses a cafe called Sams, exceptional food. You would be pleasantly surprised. Thumbs up!	
May 19 2009 	Good basic hotel with great restaurant	I had read a lot of bad things about this place on here, but it was the only hostel recommended by both the Rough Guide and the Lonely Planet. I was pleasantly suprised with the hotel. It was basic, but the service was friendly, the room was good and clean (we went for deluxe), and the beds were perfectly comfortable.The restaurant was good and you got nice views over the rooftops.	
May 9 2009	Simple but Clean	Hotel Vivek was recommended by a friend since I was traveling into New Delhi and needed to catch a train the next day. It was simple, clean (by Indian budget guest house standards) and was reasonably priced for the room.There was some confusion at the front desk as to whether or not I paid when I arrived (which I did)- so keep the receipts they give you, just in case. It's in Pahar Ganj (aka the hell realms), but the food in the roof cafe (Sam's) is safe to eat and there's a variety of foods.I wouldn't vacation here, but it was fine for just passing through New Delhi.	
Apr 26 2009 	Better than many of the reviews	We stayed at the Vivek Hotel 3 weeks ago (April 2009).After reading many of the reviews we were pretty skeptical, but as it turned out, despite pretty hard beds (which are common in India), we had nothing to complain about.We arranged an airport pick-up months ago. No problem.The pick-up price was what they said. We booked a CLUB ROOM that was clean and the bathroom was fine.As regards the criticisms, don't book any standard under a club room, or you will get what you pay for from what I hear.Sam's bar on the roof makes the whole thing worth it, believe me.It is a real oasis. Ice cold beer. Great service. Good food.The location, right in the middle of Pahar Ganj on the main bazaar was exactly what I wanted for my first time in Delhi. Exposed and in the middle of the madness.No, it is not the Ritz.The hallways and stairwells are still undergoing a developmental process (don't worry, it was still quiet) and it is not a standard comparable to decent motels in the west, but, if you just want a decent, clean, air-conditioned, and what we felt was a safe lay-over for one or two nights in the middle of Delhi it was fine, especially with Sam's Bar/ restaurant on the top.	
Feb 27 2009	I thought it was ok..	Ok fellow travelers..this hotel is a ok.. its clean and the bathrooms are CLEAN ..(hard to find a clean bathroom in budget hotels in India). The restaurant is ok too its inexpensive and the kitchen is an open one so it seems clean too. I have been traveling for 3 months in India and would recommend this hotel. I paid about 800 Indian rupees for my room for a night. Nice market outside and the metro station is around the corner, but beware of people coming at you to sell you stuff you don't need... oh and there are cows on the road too....	
Feb 21 2009 	Don't trust Vivek hotel	I was budget traveling for 7 months and the Vivek hotel, by far, was the worst place that I stayed. They cannot be trusted...period. They never showed up to pick us up at the airport. They gave away our room that we had reserved months earlier. (They had one room left that was so beyond gross and miserable that we were unable to even sleep the first night). They claimed we did not pay for our room. They were trying to make us repay. I finally found the receipt they had given me. They did not make any apologies but instead said that I was a good girl. (What does that even mean?) This place had a variety of room from pretty nice with A/C to something resembling a Thai prison. Just because you make a reservation for a nice room doesn't mean that is where you will end up. Their word mean nothing. Also, even though the rooms are nice, everything else about this building is pretty grimy and gross. I have spent a few months in India and anywhere else is better than this. Please avoid and do not support these people that are unsavory bad people.	
Feb 16 2009 	Don't stay here.	A rip off, unfriendly, untrustworthy, unwelcoming, lacking of any charm place to stay.We had booked a pick up from the airport which was not there when we arrived. There was no record of our booking even though I had emailed and called several times to confirm. When we got a cheaper pre-paid taxi to the hotel we had a very unwelcome greeting and a man who showed us 3 awful rooms which we picked the nicest at 1500inrs. I wish we had stayed elsewhere. Sam's cafe was ok and had a good view of the main bazaar but was also really unfriendly. Food was average.When we checked out, the receptionist had the cheek to try and make us pay for the taxi which didn't turn up and they had no record of the numerous conversations/emails I had made/sent. He even went through the name cards from that day to prove he had been there but couldn't find it!Stay elsewhere!	
Jan 20 2009 	Unfriendly	Upon arrival on January 1st all the staff could offer two people was a small room with no window - at 900 rupees. Asking for a room with a windomw the next day just gave us a cold shoulder and upon checking out we had to haggle for a refund of the deposit paid for the second night.	
Aug 31 2008 	A complete rip off	We booked a room at 400 rupees by internet because our plane arrived at night in Delhi and we wanted to make sure we had a room. When we arrived, the owner insisted to make us pay the taxi. Just after he announced that he only had a room with AC, for 1400 rupees ! We told him we had sent him several emails to make sure he kept a room for us and that he said he would, but he did not even apologize. Another girl was in the same situation. He finally agreed to lower the price to 1200 (already extremely expensive for the kind of room !) but we left, very angry. It might be a good hotel, but the owners are not the kind of persons you want to mingle with.	
Aug 30 2008 	Good value budget hotel	Booked a room with them weeks before, with several emails between us, but when we arrived they didn't have a record of us and our room. But we were able to check into a double room on the third floor for 1000rs - a/c, fan, TV, double bed, clean towels and toilet paper, new bathroom which was very nice and clean - but hot water had to be arranged with them rather than just turned on with the tap??!!. They are doing up the hotel, so the hallways are full of wooden doors being varnished, and pots of paint. It needs decorating as in parts looks very old and run down, but our room looked good. Only had a tiny window in it so didn't get any views, but it was light and smelled ok.Hotel had room service, and a restaurant upstairs - food seemed ok and cheap. No alcohol, but the man in the hallway would offer to go and buy you some for a small fee and then bring you back a warm beer 20 minutes later!!There is an internet room downstairs, which takes a copy of your passport before you can use it, as part of the security due to bombings in the area and the link to internet cafes. The check in also includes copies of your passport and a photo of you on their security video.Location of hotel is good, on the main bazaar, with some very cheap shopping. Its close to the station, and they can arrange a car to the airport for 250rs (other places in the area will do it for 200rs). The main bazaar has a strange security system at either end, with police will make you walk through metal detectors and then search your bags, but if you are in a rickshaw you just drive straight through. It really depends on how they feel that day whether they can be bothered to search you.The hotel was a good one for the one night we stayed there, in the right location and cheap enough for an a/c room.	
Aug 3 2008 	Clean rooms and great location	Having left the Rak International we moved into the Vivek hotel on the Main bazaar. We were shown various rooms of various prices on the first floor. We were shown cheaper rooms on higher floors but went for a nice room with A/C. All of the rooms seemed recently renovated and had clean bathrooms. In fact this was one of the cleanest hotels we saw in India. However the A/C had a strange smell, possibly because of dirty filters.The hotel is right on the Main bazaar which means it’s close to the New Delhi train station where you can catch the all important trains to Agra (to see the Taj Mahal) and Jaipur. Both trains leave early morning, and this hotel is literally minutes away from the station. Incidentally go straight to the international ticket office on the 1st floor to buy these tickets. It opens 8am-8pm (2pm on Sundays), and ignore the people that tell you it’s closed down/being renovated, and direct you to their friend’s/brother’s travel agent.The hotel has Sam’s Café on it’s roof, with great views of the city. It serves various dishes, including breakfast but beware the “hash browns”, they are not the American version, but boiled potatoes cut into cubes and mixed with onions and peppers. Also recommended is the Kitchen Café not far away on the same street.Hotel staff ranged from polite and helpful to surly and business like! They did arrange a taxi for us to the airport for 250 rupees. They also have internet.We paid 1200 rupees for a double room with A/C and en-suite bathroom. There was no breakfast included.	
Jul 28 2008 	Vivek - untrustworthy	The a/c rooms are nice and the food decent and cheap. There are minimal creepy-crawlies, which is a bonus in backpacker Old Delhi. It's a good location near the train station and the market. However, we don't trust the owners. They seem out to make a buck rather than take care of customers. We booked through their website, including a ride from the airport. The ride never showed (we heard another couple complaining that they were being charged for a ride that never showed). Also, they didn't have our reserved room; instead, we got placed in the sketchiest room on the top floor. We eventually got upgraded to a nicer room, but they also raised the price on us from what the website said. When we reserved the same room for our return trip to Delhi 12 days later, they didn't have that record either, even though we gave them some money up front. Until we showed them their own hand-written receipt, they didn't believe that we paid them in advance. Then we got a smaller room for the same high price. I just get the impression these guys take reservations but allow anyone to stay when they arrive and would charge you again unless you can prove otherwise. We are seasoned travelers and have our cultural expectations in check, but when people smile at you and say something, and then turn around and do something else, you can't trust them. And trust is all you have when traveling. I have no idea how this hotel has been in business for so long. By the end, we unfortunately trusted no one there.	
Jul 24 2008	Loved the WiFi in my room..	Stayed at the hotel for 3 nights..They have a wide range of rooms ov different cost..had a nice stay the staff was friendly. I had issues with the Taxi i took from the airport to the hotel the staff was helpful enough to deal with the overcharging the driver for me..The food is nice you can catch a bit ov sun on the roof...The have WIFI which was nice i used my laptop in my room which was a plus.All in all it was a good experience.. I would recommend the hotel for a cheap place in delhi..	
Jun 21 2007 	vivek hotel avoid it!	We stayed at the Vivek hotel in Pahar Ganj in November last. We chose it because we wanted to be in the middle of the busy bazaar area to experience the atmosphere of Delhi. All I can say really is avoid it unless really desperate. We emailed our booking and had requested an airport pick up which they claimed to offer- it never materialised.When we arrived they didn't seem to have our booking but that was ok because they had vacancies...... with good reason. The room we stayed in was filthy, noisy and did not feel at all safe. There were men hanging around on each floor and in the reception area constantly for no apparent reason. My husbands sandals were stolen from the room! need I say more. We moved after one night to the Ajanta which was much nicer but also much more expensive. We consider ourselves accustomed to backpacking and staying in rough and ready places all over, but could not possibly recommend this place even to seasoned travellers!ps the restaurant in the Metropolis hotel up the street was great!	
Jan 9 2007 	Loved the restaurant.. Friendly staff..	a decent enough place to stay in .I stayed there 3 nights..paid rs 350 per night .Room was clean and had an outside window.They have a nice terrace restaurant which is not to be missed...all in all a pleasent stay...	
Jan 4 2007	Give it a miss	Hi all, i have just stayed in the Vivek Hotel but checked out the next day. i went just up the road to Hare krsna Hotel which was way beter for a cheaper price. Vivek was a little expensive and the rooms are just filthy. Not maintained at all. The bathroom walls are grimey. There was even some clothes left in the bathroom from the previous tenant. Where as where i am staying now, it is so much better and clean.My opinion... avoid Vivek until they start cleaning their rooms.	
Oct 14 2009 	Schmuddeligstes Hotel unserer Indienreise		
Jul 31 2009 	Fotos geben unrealistische Vorstellung		
