Jul 22 2009 	decent inexpensive hotel	After staying at terrible Godwin hotel selected by myself, I was referred to this by Incredible India staff, who were very helpful and went out of the way to help us.This hotel is ok, not great, but something decent for those on budget. Location is in the shopping areas, althought most of Delhi is like a shopping area...	
Jul 1 2009	Great place to stay to experience Delhi	A nice hotel with new features and friendly staff, Manager/Owner Daljeet Singh was very helpful in assiting me from the ever changing enquiry for my group to the payment and pick ups also. The hotel is nice and new in the centre of Karol Bagh with auto rickshaws and shops all around making it easy to get around Delhi from this great centre. Staff were great and will stay again next time we go.Breakfast was included and choices were excellent... loved the chai (ginger tea).	
Jun 11 2009 	Clean and efficient with very cooperative staff	Stayed for 2 nights on way to Mussoorie ans again a night on way back. The place looks to have been recently done up; and done up pretty nicely. Room was clean, spacious and with all basic amenities. Very good value for money. The room service is excellent and so is the cooperation we got from the reception staff who are really friendly and helpful. Location is ideally suited for shopping but rather conjested and noisy; though very safe. On the negetive side ,1. they should keep replacing the soap/shampoo etc in the bath. Those looked reallly dated ! 2. The TV reception is poor , though the TV itself was an LCD flat. They should get DTH connection.Overall a very nice place to stay on a budget.	
Mar 13 2009 	good stay	this is my 8th year at this hotel now upgraded to a good quality my 8 day stay was very good the owerners were very pleasant helpful and treated us like family the general manager ravi was excellant as usual nice excllent staff the food was excellant brilliantly cooked the bosses eat there so that should say it all so please GO there rajan &amp; kiran chhabra gerrards crosss bucks	
Jan 27 2009	A nice stay at the good palace	Was pleasantly suprised, I stayed in the Good Palace for 1 night before my tour and 2 nights after my tour and to be honest wasnt expecting it to be too great due to the low cost of the rooms and general lack of appeal on their website advertising. However I was wrong I enjoyed my stay they have helpful staff who at first may seem a bit standoffish but will do anything for you if needed, they also have great room service (some of the best food I tasted in India), and their rooms are neat and nice. I would have given it an above average rating due to good value for money but they were refurbishing the lobby during my stay and it was a bit chaotic so it wouldnt of been fair to give a higher rating. For the low cost of the hotel I think it is a nice place to stay, I would go back.	
Oct 7 2008	Basic but decent - you get what you pay for	I stayed at Hotel Good Palace as part of a package deal with Namaste India Tours (which turned out to be a fabulous bargain as a whole). Our room at Hotel Good Palace was clean and decent, the walls and furniture were well maintained and the TV was functional with a basic selection of local channels. The AC was also fully functional. The bed, chair and wardrobe were basic but in good condition, and the bedding was clean and comfy.The bathroom was a bit disappointing - the shower didn't work (we had to make do with a bowl and bucket) and the shower curtain was awfully mildewed. It was fairly clean (and usable - there was running hot water, thankfully) but it certainly did not meet the standard of the room itself.The staff were very polite and helpful, and the laundry was fantastic - I still haven't been able to find anyone who can iron a certain top of mine the way they did at the Good Palace.Location wise, you must bear in mind that this hotel is right in the middle of one of the busiest parts of Delhi. Therefore, to expect peace and quiet is simply unrealistic. If you MUST have peace and quiet, this is not the place for you.All said and done, you will get what you pay for with this hotel. It's a budget hotel for travellers looking for a decent place to stay at an affordable price. You won't pay premium rates to stay here, so don't expect a premium hotel.	
Mar 1 2008 	Noisy Stay ast the Good Palace	First of all, the hotel is located in a noisy part of the city (central sales area). The rooms were small and poorly insulated. You could hear people talking in the hallway, talking in the building next door and the noise from the vehicle horns. Second, on the first night there was no hot water in the morning after 7:30 AM. Third, the brakfast was a C- at best. On the good side, the staff tried to be helpful. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone unless they like noisy places!	
Mar 25 2007	Low end barely acceptable	Used as part of and Intrepid Tours basic trip. It was a basic hotel. A little dirty, languid staff, few amenities--our air conditioner was ot connected, unsure whether it would work if needed. However, it was quiet and had the basics necessary for a stay. We had breakfast there and had no problems.	
