Nov 25 2009 	Cashing in on their success	As we are right now staying at Cottage Yes Please, a word of warning to anyone who might get too excited from the good reviews on this site.They have started charging on the Wi-Fi use, 100 rupees per day. Double room price at 900, and although the rooms are reasonably clean and quite nice, most are nothing like the photos on their web site.A big minus is that they seem to be happily giving a cold shoulder to people with confirmed bookings. They did it to us and to another couple this week, just because we arrived late in the evening (which we had told them before and they had replied it was ok). We had arranged the booking by e-mail and the other couple even face to face at the hotel - no help, they just told us they were full and told to go to their sister hotel, Cottage Crown Plaza nearby. The guy at the Yes Please desk was rude and aggressive and said that he did not care if we had a booking or not, if we didn't want the sister hotel, we should go on the street and look for other places. We were tired, so just haggled about the price and went to Crown Plaza, which was decent but no Wi-Fi.As we really needed a place with Wi-Fi, we returned to Yes Please for this stay. OK value, but not good service.The Fiesta cafe just opposite this place has good breakfasts and coffee, and free Wi-Fi if you give them your ID.	
Nov 14 2009 	The best in Phar ganj Area	You may find dirt cheap hotels in the pahar ganj area but it's really worth to pay a little bit more more a bit more calm and peace of mind and wi-fi. They have an elevator, free luggage storage, they offer airport pick up and drop off for a minimal fee. They also offer city tour by a private taxi. So you wont have to ask for more.	
Jul 19 2009 	Great place!	We just stayed at Cottage Yes Please and found it very nice, clean, a good value for Delhi. Our room was large (3 beds, one off in a little alcove), the AC and fan worked great, TV was great, and bathroom was clean. The only suggestion I would make is for the management to put a hook up so that the hand-held shower thing can be used as a regular shower. They have no restaurant, but the South Indian Veggie place across the street (Malhotra's Dosa Please) is so amazingly good and open all day (they even boxed up our order to go and we ate it on the airplane home!). We had stayed in another hotel on Main Bazaar (Vivek) and found it so much worse for the same money. Cottage Yes Please has friendly and helpful staff and a nice guy that says &quot;Namaste&quot; to you when you come and go out the front door. The only downside is that they no longer have free wifi -- it costs 100 rupees per day now.	
Feb 23 2009 	What a welcome !!!	After having checked many hotels in Paharganj;I chose this one because I needed a WiFi connection. When you arrive at the reception, heavily loaded and tired, you are requested to show your passport as they cannot wiat 15 minutes for you to get in the room, unload and refresh. Then, they demand you pay in advance - even if you are out of local currency and you have stacks of dollars to show them. So I would say that please, give m one hour to rest and I'll pay when I have recovered from my journey.Hot water is more like medium hot. Windows are tapped with an outside wall.	
Feb 14 2009 	OK Hotel	Stayed here for 3 nights+ OK staff+ Good location for travelers+ Room service+ Good rooms- no hot water in the room- driver we organized to the airport through them kept falling asleep at the wheel (not technically their fault)3/5	
Dec 9 2008	Good value free WiFi close to New Delhi railway station	I've stayed here twice, and would stay again. I'm sure this is the cheapest price you'll find for a WiFi-enabled hotel in Delhi, especially of this caliber. (If you don't need WiFi you can find some cheaper digs, but maybe not the same standard of quality and cleanliness.)Staff was fine, the rooms were clean, and I had no problems.The hotel is one street over from the Main Bazaar road in an area called Pahar Ganj. On the plus side, the Bazaar is teeming with activity and there are endless shops where you can get any kind of inexpensive handicrafts, clothes, colorful tapestries, henna body painting, etc. Another plus is that the New Delhi Railway station is at the end of the Bazaar Road. It's maybe a 10-15 minute walk from the hotel, and of course there are also bicycle rickshaws. The downside of the area is that it's rather grimy and crowded. The hotel is kind of funny there, like a diamond in a pile of mud.The hotel has no restaurant but there are two directly across the street. You can order room service and the food will come from there. The restaurants are inexpensive. If I remember right most entrees were around 50 rupees (US $1).While I was there I needed to buy a laptop and the gentleman at the travel desk recommended I go to Nehru Place, which was spot on, that's definitely the place to buy computer goods. I tried to offer him a Rp100 tip to thank him for his help, but he actually refused -- a rarity in Delhi where everyone seems to be after your money.One of the staffers speaks Japanese and their website is in English and Japanese, so a fair number of guests are Japanese. The website annoyingly does not list their rates, but the lowest level is around Rp900/night.	
Oct 4 2008 	Clean comfortable bargain	We chose Cottage Yes Please after reading a number of positive reviews, and we were not disappointed. For 800 rupees a night -- about $17 US -- we got a clean and comfortable place to stay with free wi-fi. We stayed five nights overall.The hotel is on a side street off the main Pahar Ganj bazaar. It's the filthiest neighborhood I've ever stayed in, with mud and livestock in the streets. There must be a hundred or so hotels and guesthouses in the area. We saw prices of 4 dollars a night, but I was not tempted.The hotel is quite a contrast with the neighborhood. There's a lot of marble at Cottage Yes Please -- floors, stairs, the lower third of walls -- and that contributes to both a cool feeling and easy cleaning. I think there are four floors. I didn't count the rooms, but it's big enough to have two lifts.Our only complaint was that the &quot;hot&quot; water in the shower was only lukewarm.The hotel owns two pretty good restaurants across the street -- Malhotra and Dosa Please. We ate breakfasts at Malhotra, which includes continental and Chinese food on its menu.	
Apr 20 2008 	Totally OK - with wifi!	Good hotel considering the price and location. Reasonably clean, though there seemed to be a small colony of cockroaches residing under the fridge...Fully functional and reasonably priced wifi.Location is good: it's in dingy Pahar Ganj/Main bazaar, but really close to the metro station so you don' t really have to walk through Pahar Ganj if you don't want to. Nice staff.The room service was so-so though: the restaurant that delivers the food got the orders wrong and the food was not great.But for the price (950 for a single with AC) I was pleased and will return.	
Sep 14 2007 	not bad considering delhi standards...	It was our first night in Delhi and we decided to stay in Pahar Ganj area. We arrived late in the evening and we booked the pick-up from the Airport. We found a guy waiting for us with a big board and we arrived at the hotel around midnight. The a/c room (was a triple) was ok and clean but very hot before the noisy a/c refreshed it. The view from the balcony was a high wall around it but this area doesn't offer good point of view.. It was clean and the staff friendly. The price (1500 rs) was high for the standard but sleeping in Delhi is very expensive.In front of the hotel there is a sort of restaurant for breakfast or diner.Compared to other guesthouses seen on internet it was a good choice.	
Aug 22 2007 	Be careful...	The hotel itself was reasonable and clean, especially in comparison to the majority of places in new delhi. However, the AC did not work for half of the time, and there was hot water for about 5 minutes in total. The worst suprise came at check out time. We were billed for 3 nights, when we had only spent two nights at the hotel, on the spurious grounds that we had arrived before 12 noon on the first day of our stay. After losing our tempers the &quot;manager&quot; reduced the fee to half a day, but in any case our last day in India was dampened by this example of dishonesty.	
Jun 28 2007	compare to Delhi clean hotel	I reccomend the room 406, it has three beds and quite big room. It locates at Phar Ganj, very convinience to go to Agra. The hotel is very clean, staffs are so nice. All kinds of facilities are available, ex, train booking, taxi, internet, money change. I hope that now the restaurant on roof top is started, when I was there, it was under construction.	
Dec 29 2006 	Average Hotel	This place looked more promising then most in the Paharganj area in Delhi, the entrance and the building look new. The rooms are ok, a reasonable size with some natural light, and ours had a fridge and tv. I don't think it is being maintained too much though, there were stains down the walls which I'm sure could have been removed with a good clean. We had an a/c double room which was IR850 which was ok for what we got, relatively. Room service is supplied by the restaurant across the road and was reasonable. Be careful of onlookers through your window though as the buildings are very close!	
Nov 23 2009 	Buen hotel situado fuera del bullicio		
Sep 5 2009 	Tan malo		
Aug 25 2009 	Dans la moyenne		
Aug 15 2009 	???????????????		
Mar 28 2009 	Bon choix à Delhi		
Feb 14 2009 	???????????		
Jan 17 2009 	Très bon choix pour Delhi		
Dec 10 2008 	hôtel moyen		
Jan 1 2008 	hotel sympa pratique et sans prétention		
