Nov 8 2009 	Basic small rooms ..... Clean and Tidy	Not bad, but the rooms are very small - not enough space to manouvre between the bed and the TV. The air conditioning only worked in the rooms, and was incredibly noisy and smelly. Not enough towels (problem in most hotels in India). Cable TV, yummy room service, but the porters hang around until they get a tip!!	
Oct 31 2009	Average tourist hotel with rotten breakfast	Stayed here with smallish tour party of 13. The room itself was fine, comfortable and spacious although dark. A notice on the door said hot water had to be requested in advance, but we ignored this and had no problems. Don't know if this was just luck. Room had fridge which was useful.No restaurant at this hotel, but we had breakfast 2 days running, once straight off the overnight train. Both times, but especially the first, service at breakfast was terrible. It seemed as if one serving of a fairly poor selection was set out and when that ran out it was tough. The fruit juice tasted as if it was coloured water.Overall an average and adequate budget tour hotel in a fairly quiet area, but the breakfast experience made it unpleasant.	
Mar 23 2009 	average to below average	Stayed here in Jan 2008 and was overall a pretty average experience.Room was reasonably clean with hot water in shower but it was freezing cold(about 2c)with no heating in the room at all.We repeatedly asked for a heater to be brought up but they brought a broken one up and plugged it in then left.lolBreakfest is pretty average also.Overall not the best value for money.	
Jan 18 2009	To be avoided !!	Stayed there at the start of a tour of northern India. Hotel had been organised by tour company so we had no choice. The rooms were dull and dark - as was most of the hotel. We arrived after a long flight in the middle of day and tried to get a bit of rest but there is a building site right beside the hotel and they work 24 hours !!! The constant drilling and hammering was unbearable. We asked to be moved to another room but it was exactly the same. The staff start working at approx 4am and continously shout up the corridors at each other - they have absolutely no regard for the people staying there. Hot water has to be ordered in advance and the sheets and towels are dirty - they are dried on the street outside the hotel and smell of petrol fumes !!! We were booked in to stay there on our last night but refused to stay there and found a much nicer hotel in New Delhi for a much better rate. I would not recommend this hotel and would advise travellers to avoid it at all costs !!!	
Dec 27 2008 	Cold Delhi	Stayed for 7 days, very cold outside 10 degress and inside 18, could not pay with creditcards ??? only cash, bad exchangerates ! very noisy at the room from the other guest and staff.	
Dec 16 2008	Good Clean Hotel	I am a travel agent and therefore sell hotels all over the world for my clients so to experience myself is always a bonus to give an honest opinion.This hotel was good - not amazing, not bad either. The rooms were clean, bathrooms adequate, breakfast edible and hotel staff were helpful. Room service was fast and efficient. For a 3 star hotel in Delhi I feel it is good value for money.My main recommendation would be a bigger pillow on the bed as they were a little on the biscuit thin side but this is my personal preference.	
Nov 10 2008 	Good hotel fo Delhi	I stayed here at the start and end of a tour. I was expecting the worst after reading some of the reviews but gladly I had a pleasant stay. The hotel is clean and quiet and the staff are professional. The buffet breakfast is not bad by Indian standards. The location is good you can walk to Karol Bagh main street and Metro station in 15 mins. I stayed in another hotel in Karol Bagh and had a terrible experience so I would recommend Singh Sons.	
Oct 9 2008 	Good midrange option in good location	Singh Sons is tucked down as side street in a quiter part of Karol Bagh. The lobby is airy, cool and clean, with lots of marble, and the staff welcoming. The room was a reasonable size, and the bathroom was clean and tidy. No window views, but this is Delhi! One reviewer complained about the short beds - well I'd agree, but I am 1.89m, and the beds are probably 2m wide, so there are ways round the problem. Mattress was definitely 'firm'. Breakfast room was bearable, but really needs some money spending on it. Breakfast was OK. Being in Karol Bagh, the main market is only a few minutes walk away, and is a great place to shop - real shops, many with fixed prices, as well as the street traders. Certainly not as intimidating for Western tourists asthe local street markets.	
Sep 6 2008	Rooms are ok Attitude/service is horrendous	I stayed here as part of an organized tour. The rooms themselves are fine by Indian standards - the hot water problems and electricity issues described by other travelers are typical for the country. The attitude of the front desk staff, however, is not fine by any standard. The staff is rude at best. After speaking with the other members of my group (a very relaxed and flexible bunch!), nearly all of us had been barked at or scammed during our stay.They pulled the credit card machine deal with me, as well, forcing me to pay in cash for my first night before the organized tour (at a rate, by the way, that was almost triple what others were paying. Do NOT email the hotel for a room quote, they will not give you an accurate price).I had organized a hotel transfer through the hotel. I arrived at nearly midnight to the Delhi airport, and, after waiting for over 30 mins and being unable to find my transfer, I found another cab. When I arrived at the hotel, the staff &quot;welcomed&quot; me by yelling at me, saying that my cab was at the airport and I would have to pay for it. I politely refused. After showing me to my room, a hotel manager called at 1:15 AM to tell me AGAIN that I would have to pay for the cab. I refused. Upon check out, the staff AGAIN tried to charge me for the unused transfer, and I refused again.As I said, while the rooms are acceptable, I cannot recommend a hotel that treats tourists like walking dollar signs. Go elsewhere, there are better options!	
Aug 20 2008 	Basic cityhotel with an annoying breakfast policy	Basic city hotel. Stayed here three times with two rooms as Delhi was the returning point of our trip. Rooms are fairly clean and quiet but there's almost everytime a problem with the facilities (even for Indian standards): Non-flushing toilets, broken airco etc. They have an impossible breakfast policy. You get an unsollicited wakeup call at 8:00 (Great! We arrived at 2:00 AM after a late flight!) At 9 the breakfast buffet-attempt stops. The breakfast is lousy. Toast and flakes, Indian ommelette and banana's. That's it. After the third day we decided to take a Tuk-tuk to the Costa Coffee at Connaught's. A bit decadent, but a great treat!Avoid the internet service. It has the speed of a snail at a stiff rate, and as the printer is also used for copying, your PC will hang up half way your email.Location (Karol Bagh) is great! Nice market and huge variety of shops at only 100 metres	
May 1 2008 	ok but could do a lot better	My wife and I stayed at Singh Sons as part of a tailor made tour with On The Go India. The hotel is in the Karol Bagh suburb of New Delhi. There are quite a few mid-range tourist type hotels in the area, with Singh Sons being the smartest looking of the 5 or 6 I spotted. We were told by a tour guide that the area grew from a refugee colony but i'm not sure how true this is. Other reviewers have commented that they did not feel safe in the area. I did not notice this; some parts of Karol Bagh are scruffy, but for central Delhi, a lot of it is fairly smart. I would have been a bit wary of walking anywhere at night though. For some reason, no taxi or auto-rickshaw drivers were willing to take us to Connaught Place from here. We never worked out why this was, but it didn’t matter too much as Karol Bagh Station is a ten minute walk or 2 minute rickshaw ride away and from there you can get the new and very efficient metro. When you venture out, do make sure you have the hotel's exact address and preferably a decent map, as we found that no drivers had heard of it and had a lot of difficulty working out how to get back at night.The hotel itself seems quite modern from the outside and the reception area is very smart, all in marble. The bedrooms are not so smart though. We were first given a standard double room, which was clean but shabby and very gloomy. the windows in all of the rooms are small and mostly covered up by air conditioning units. We asked to look at bigger rooms and ended up paying extra for a suite, which was well worth it for the extra space and a bigger bed. I think the hotel is in the process of re-decorating the rooms so hopefully this will brighten the place up a bit. The air-con worked well, which was very welcome and the shower was ok, although you had to call reception to request hot water 10 minutes before you used it. Free wi-fi was very useful.As with most places in Delhi, traffic noise is horrendous, so pack some earplugs if you are a light sleeper. there was a lot of noise late at night as well - what sounded like somebody panel beating at 1 on the morning every night.Breakfast was very basic buffet - toast, cereals (but only with hot milk???) and a small selection of hot indian food - breads, pakoras, potatoes etc. The eating area in the basement is also a bit weird with disco lights all over the celing and american wrestling permanently on the TV on the corner.The staff in the hotel were mixed - the bellboys were friendly and helpful, perhaps thanks to tips, but reception staff were indifferent, bordering on rude. Our most significant issue was when we returned for a second stay after a week away - the toilet had clearly not been cleaned and was really really disgusting – it looked like the seat was covered in diarrhoea. it was thoroughly cleaned as soon as we spoke to a member of staff but that doesn’t change the fact that it should not have happened in the first place. if we’d known the city better and didn't have transport arangements from the hotel the next morning we probably would have walked out.Overall, Singh Sons was ok for a short stay but the location isn't the best, the rooms are very gloomy and we were left with a very soured opinion by the toilet incident. Delhi is renowned for hotels being expensive but we would not want to stay at Singh Sons or anywhere like it again - I’d rather pay a lot more money for an upmarket place.	
Apr 12 2008 	Rubbish hotel	We stayed here on our last night after a fantastic holiday. It was an appaling ending to a great trip.The room was clean, but that's the only positive thing to say. There was a lot of street noise and the water pump for thehotel was directly outside are room and burst into life in the middle of the night. It took several phonecalls and a walk to reception before anything was done about it.The hotel was in general fairly dingy and uninspiring.At best adequate. Avoid if possible.	
Feb 15 2008	claustrophobic- worst stay of our trip	Our Group stayed at The Hotel Singh Sons in Delhi. The rooms are small, claustrophobic and without windows. The length of the beds are shorter than normal and if you are over 5ft 8 your feet will hang over the end. Two of the rooms smelled of smoke and two of the showers did not work. Reception is unfriendly and slow to respond. Hotel porters watch while you struggle with your bags and wait to be asked to help. We did get some individual good service for which we tipped well. We arrived at 1am after a delayed flight and were asked to pay extra for breakfast if we wanted it after 9am. We all received an unasked for early morning call for breakfast!. All other hotels we stayed at for the other days, breakfast was served till 10 am. We asked our agent to move us but apparantly all hotels were booked out in Delhi. We had to stay 3 nights. We do not reccommend this hotel. In it's favour, it is quite well located in Karol bagh but that's its only good point. We noticed several other hotels in Karol Bagh (great for shopping), so try another hotel.	
Dec 29 2007 	You can do much better....	Traveller reviews of this hotel praising its cleanliness etc are accurate however it is indeed absolutely spartan and if travelling in the late fall and winter the rooms can be cold. Hot water is just warm and must be requested 10 minutes prior to use. Bedding is threadbare. Packing your own toilet paper is key as the hotel provides very little. Avoid rooms on the main street side as it's extremely noisy. Staff and restaurant food are OK.The area in which the hotel is located is not the safest nor the most interesting in Delhi - this is however a hotel used by many tour companies as a first or last night in Delhi - if you have the choice opt for a higher grade hotel particularly if its your first night after a long flight and want even some minimal comfort. This is a tough first night in Delhi and this hotel offers little to soften the experience...	
Nov 30 2007 	Done the job	What do you expect from a Hotel in a developing? I accept that the hotel was not 5* or even 4* in terms of presentation, amenities etc, but for being located in the peripheral of the city centre allows for good access to transport, eateries etc - it really couldn’t be better situated. I stayed there for 2 weeks whilst conducting research for my MSc dissertation, so I got to know the place rather well. A hairy experience around the corner with some of the locals knocked my nerves, but that was the only bad note in terms of the neighbour hood. For me, favoured most and by far exciting mode of transport are the local 'tuk tuks' which cost very little- but do remember to barter and agree a price for your journey BEFORE you set off as some try to rip you off, and don’t let them take you to a bazaar or anything- totally overpriced. Also remember that the majority of the cycle rickshaw riders/drivers are poorer than the motorised 'tuk tuk' drivers, so try to experience that and leave a small tip.Best thing for me in the hotel was the TV- allowed me to catch up on the cricket world cup as well as the footy back home, and its always exciting to grab some snacks from the small nearby shop and watch a Bollywood movie!I would certainly recommend this hotel; there are far worse places you could be staying!	
Nov 20 2007 	Very Bad Hotel in Delhi	We booked the hotel through an agent for one room for 3 persons. Though the room looked very nice, we have hard time getting other things. No provision for making coffee. For hot water, you have to call the reception and wait for half an hour. Not many hanger to hang your clothes. Most importantly, the reception people are not trust-worthy. They tend to cheat if you are not aware of what is happening. They claim four star facilties and rates are expensive for the facility they have. Should be avioded.	
Nov 19 2007 	good air conditioners new place in crowded area of delhi	good air conditioners when entered in such heat of india especially in summers, lobby was chilled &amp; cooled. offered us cold drinks &amp; as booked we got our room. we had a pleasing time at the hotel &amp; comfortable room was provided . Very centrally located in this busy streets of karol bagh, delhi. most accessible to market just opposite the hotel. helpful staff &amp; definitely a good experience in this new hotel.... tidy &amp; clean.	
Oct 29 2007	A decent place but beware of typical scams	A decent place to stay in a very congested part of Delhi. I stay in hotels throughout India regularly for work, so this is a comparison to a number of different, similar hotels.One caveat - upon checking out, the guys behind the counter told me that the &quot;credit card machine isn't working.&quot; After offering to get me a taxi to go to an ATM, I insisted on using my credit card, which of course, worked perfectly fine. Don't fall for this scam.Also - for the squeamish - the bathrooms, while clean, are very tight, and do not inspire...	
Sep 5 2007 	Value for money	In India it's difficult to find a mid range hotel - this is just that. For the price the hotel is nice, en suite bathroom with hot water and western flushing toilet, A/C and clean rooms. There is internet in the lobby and the staff are helpful. The location is fine, there is a local market nearby at night and it's relatively close to Connaught Place. You can there in an auto for 50Rs. If you do go to Connaught Place then look out for Lido which is a very nice restaurant (with A/C)	
Jul 15 2007	Wonderful for Delhi	Stayed with my teen travel group for a couple nights.Showers were nice (hot and cold water), the staff were eager-to-please, and the AC was lovely and necessary :)This is India, it's a third-world-country, and this must be considered when a rating is given. You shouldn't come to Delhi expecting a US experience, because it won't happen, and you shouldn't want it to.	
Apr 7 2007 	Beware!	We made an email booking for this hotel one month before our arrival in Delhi. We exchanged with Mr. Tajinder Singh at least 4 (four!) emails because we wanted to be sure of the booking. They assured us the booking was ok and they had the availability of rooms. Of course, when we arrived at the hotel, no booking was made on the hotel books and no room was available. No Tajinder Singh to speak with, only one guy at the reception that moved us in a very bad hotel in the same road: we payed 4.000 and more Rs for one bad room instead of the two rooms that we booked one month earlier!!If you don't want surprises like this at your arrival in Delhi, avoid email booking for this hotel, and maybe avoid this hotel at all.	
Apr 5 2007 	Clean accommodation.	We arrived in the early hours of the morning and the pick up was excellent and welcome. No getting hassled. We were pleased to arrive at a clean, large hotel with reasonable facilities and ac. The bathroom was big and there was a shower and western toilet but no bath. We stayed for 3 nights.Positives: clean sheets, clean floors, cool rooms, no insects, efficient services, taxi pick up.Negatives: basic (very) breakfast, our room was on the road so you could hear the noise, cold/warm showers.Location: a rickshaw ride from the main centre (connaught place) so not a problem, nice restaurannt near by called alpha spice.Overall: for approx 30 uk pounds / night seems reasonable, our main priority was a clean hotel having read other reviews and horror stories of other hotels, it met our needs. The area is not the best but to be fair none of Delhi is particuarly much different. I would use common sense and ask for directions from your hotel - they are helpful.	
Mar 25 2007 	Not bad given price	Stayed there as part of an Intrepid &quot;comfort&quot; tour to Agra. The hotel was reasonably clean and quiet. It's conveniently located in the Channa market section of Karol Bagh, about 1/2 mile from the subway. Seemed safe to walk around. This is not a &quot;first class&quot; hotel but we felt comfortable there.pagoff	
Mar 22 2007 	Singh Sons - A Decent Budget Hotel	I stayed at Singh Sons for about three days in late February/early March with my family and my wife's family. Here is our collective review:- Pros - Singh Sons is a nice new hotel with a lot of nice marble everywhere (including all the lobbies and the stairs). The rooms are small and basic but very clean, as are the bathrooms which have Western style toilet seats. Some of the middle rooms do not have windows but all rooms have air conditioning. Also, the breakfast is quite nice - with pastries and eggs/omelettes in addition to tea/juices. The omelettes at Singh Sons are particular tasty! The room service is cheap and available around the clock. The location is central enough - with both the old part and new part of Delhi reachable on tempos (tuk-tuks).- Cons - I personally like the hustle and bustle of Karol Bagh where the hotel is situated but some people seem to have issues with this setting; however, I think you get more of a Delhi experience here although Singh Sons tends to be in a quieter part of Karol Bagh. Safety-wise, you should feel safe here since there are lot of other tourists who stay here. My main issue with the hotel is that because of the marble hallways, it can get noisy as people walk about at night. - Overall - this is a fairly good budget hotel overall for Delhi (outside Delhi, you can get a better hotel for the same price). And I would go with tour operators since they can get you the room about 20% cheaper than you can on your own. I used this reasonably priced one called Safe Voyages Tours run by a very honest Rajasthani guy - they have a website as well (you can google it).	
Mar 11 2007	Bad Hotel in Bad Location	The tour group I took had our accomodations at Hotel Singh Sons. Everyone of us hated the hotel and disliked the people there. I read the other review that said it was 10 months old - I'm shocked as it seemed much older. I had both the &quot;deluxe&quot; sweet and a normal room. The bathtub was coming out of one of the rooms such that I couldn't open the door. The people working the hotel also don't care about the guests - I think they get too much business from tour operators. Also, the location was awful. If you are travelling alone as a woman, or even two women - I would avoid staying in Karol Bagh - I tried walking alone in the morning and I turned back after 5 minutes. My India friends were suprised I stayed in the neighborhood as it is know for thievery and it's not safe.I can say the beds seemed clean enough. Avoid having a room near the lobby - it's very noisy. I loved India but Singh Sons was the low-light.	
Jan 20 2007	Very Clean budget Hotel 10months old Deinitely value for money	Booked directly with hotel on [-],good if you are shopping in Karol Bagh.Very clean.....middle rooms have no windows. Built 10 months ago...just be careful not to book any tours with tourist operators laundering around the hotel.Has the usual 24hr room service etc food is good...hotel also arranges airport pickup around 300Rs.Good family run hotel.	
Oct 7 2009 	???????????????		
May 10 2009 	Da evitare		
Mar 11 2009 	Un hôtel pour une nuit sans plus		
