Oct 16 2009 	Trust the reviews..avoid this hotel.	Myself and 3 other friends stayed at the Dee Marks for 2 nights. We had booked 2 rooms through a travel agent and was told that it was a decent hotel.We arrived late the first night...and were somewhat greeted warmly by the doorman. Hotel was dimly lit and seemed like no one was there. Room: tiny, single beds. Bathroom had basic features...strong water pressure but hardly any hot water. If lucky..water is lukewarm. Hotel employees were not well trained and would linger around expecting and wanting a tip from bringing us fresh towels, to ice to room service. Breakfast was very dissapointing. Bread, and fruit...and can order eggs through the waiter.We checked out and returned to the hotel a night later as part of our tour package and the front desk male receptionist was grouchy and rude...and not helpful nor friendly. Doorman was hovering expecting a tip for opening the door. None of the facilities were open. Hotel is hidden just off the road in the middle of nowhere.Would not recommend this hotel at all...there are many others to choose from and at the rate they are charging...US180 a night..it's unbelievable.Would rate it at a motel standard...a 2 star.	
May 16 2009 	With friends 133095454	This Dee marks hotel was selected by me &amp; my friends on certain aspects, like reasonable rate package was the main out of which security was the prime. As this hotel had given a good security but as compared to the rooms were also reasonably ok. But if we come on room package &amp; what hotel is providing on other aspects , then it was upsetting as many things was not in working as I have seen on net like swimming pool , No WIFI Complementary(which was mention as complimentary on net check) It didn't provide aurvedic message as that was also mentioned.&amp; on these main few thing's like swimming pool, WIFI Complimentary, Aurvidic message,etc we saw on net, &amp; as on comparison with other hotels price it was quite reasonable, as it was other part that they didn't provide me those things, for which I was not happy.As comparison with food &amp; sweet item I found many items were not there, as that again upset me.Apart they have good collection of wine.....Rest more or less I have found it overall that the kind of hotel what we see from out side, it is not like that as we have to be care full with cross check of bills, which might be wrong some time as it happened with me.	
Apr 14 2008 	Good hotel let down by the staff	I am day 2 into a 6 night stay at the Dee Marks. It was booked for me by the company running my training course.Overall the hotel is good, the rooms are clean, spacious, value for money. They have individual air-con, a good TV, and the bed is comfy.But it is let down by petty things, namely associated with the staff.They have a big menu. Its just that for the first 2 nights in a row, they don't have my first choice meal. Cut down on the menu if you can't support it! I even ordered ice cream on the 1st night to be told the chef had melted it! That was a bit worrying; it left me wondering if the fridges worked or he just left it out.They advertise Wi-Fi, but you find out you have to pay for it. I was staying in a Premium room. Perhaps in the super-deluxe rooms it's free. On the 2nd night, I was on the Internet only for it to stop working half way through. I went down to complain, was asked whether my time had run out (it hadn't). It transpires one of the staff had pulled out the network connection so he could plug in his mobile or something!The shower was lukewarm. I skipped it on the second morning, it was freezing! With 35 degrees outside they wouldn't even need to electrically heat it, just use solar panels, but somehow the water was cold.I did a foreign exchange. Only they didn't have a 20 ruppee note so they said they'd give it to me later. OK, it's worth hardly anything, but I'm principled on these things. On the 2nd day I asked again for it and they said they'd sent it to my room. I never got it and I'm not going to ask again, but things like that completely let down a hotel and make it look very unprofessional.Overall, I would say there's nothing wrong with Dee Marks - it's good value for money. If you want to keep it simple, use it for a nights sleep and you're not fussy about what you can eat it'll suit you perfectly. But it could be a really good hotel if they just sorted out all the silly things!	
Sep 11 2007 	ruin your stay at dee marks	it was a last min decision to travel to india for business. i tried to book in to a 5* hotel as usual, however at such short notice was imposible. i rang rates to go and was suggested the dee marks, without an option i booked the super deluxe suite with them on the phone at a price of £550 for 5 nights. when i arrived at the hotel they charged my card, then was shown to my room. as a frequent traveller in instantly realised that this was not a suite. i challenged the reception and he told me that this was their equivelant to a suite. after some arguing i reluctantly i want back to my room were i found a brochure outlining there rooms in which i found details of the suite i had reserved. once again i went to the reception with the brochure. to this he said that this room is more expensive and would cost me an additional £550. i explained that at rates to go the prices are confirmed and he should honour the suite as confirmed. he said he would need to confirm it with the manager in the morning if i stayed in the room for tonight.after a 15 hour flight and 2am in the morning i agreed.the next morning i was sceduled for meetings and was away from the hotel for 6am and returned at midnight.on my return i was told that the manager has said that i will have to pay the difference. to this i asked him to check me out and i will go to another hotel. a quick phone call to the manager soon resolved this as the manager agreed to let me have the suite however i didnt recieve the super deluxe suite but only the deluxe suite.i decided that i dont want to spent the duration of my trip arguing with the hotel as it seems to be going that way. so i accepted it.once in the room, the juccuzi didnt work at all nor did any water come from the taps. it was just as well that there was a shower that had luke warm water!!!i was not honoured any of the deluxe complimentary serviceson business i usually swim duing the evenings however when i went to the pool it was disgusting and cloudy. it was no wonder that it was deserted.overall i would not recommend it nor do i feel that it justifies the catergory of a 4* hotel.i can catgorically say that because of the hotel , my business trip was a nightmare.!!?	
Jun 17 2007 	modern hotel close to airport	We stayed here one night in early April 2007. A new, modern hotel inside, we didn’t get to see the grounds since we got there late in the day and left early in the morning. The folks who checked us in were professional and assured us a taxi to the airport the next morning was included in the price of the room. However, the next morning, a different person tried to charge us for the taxi ride. I argued with him, and when I mentioned that the older gentleman I’d spoken to the night before said it was included, the guy backed off. Not a big deal, just something to be wary of. Maybe get that kind of stuff in writing at this hotel. We ate dinner in the restaurant—it was very good. As we finished, a wedding party arrived and we tried not to get in the way of their photos! Phone in the room didn’t always work when calling the reception desk, and trying to make an international call was a hassle. Nothing special about this hotel, but it is clean and modern if that’s what you want.	
May 12 2008 	Proche de l'aéroport et plutôt propre. Rien de plus		
