	Very friendly staff; Convenient Location	Stayed here with friends as a hub in and out of New Delhi. The hotel arranged car service to/from the int'l airport and to/from the Taj Mahal the next morning. I definitely recommend this hotel as a stress-free way of traveling around and into/out of Delhi - they took care of everything and were happy to assist.	
Nov 24 2009 	Wonderful service clean rooms and well connected with local drivers	This place is perfect if you are interested in keeping the costs down, while also enjoying a clean and safe room. The frinedly and pleasant staff fulfilled all our requests, and they arranged drivers, and guides who took us to the Taj M. as well as to and from both the airport and the train station. The wokers at the hotel even gave us early morning warm Nescafe mocha drinks. If I ever make it back to Delhi I would for sure stay at the Hotel Pearl Plaza.	
Nov 24 2009 	Great hotel - Clean 	My boyfriend, two friends, and I stayed at this hotel for two nights. Prior to our trip I was emailing with a number of hotels in this neighborhood near the train station. Vishal from the Pearl Plaza was by far the most responsive. In advance he arranged for:--A car to pick us up at the airport at 2am when our flight arrived--A car, driver, and guide for a day trip to Agra--2 Clean hotel rooms with plenty of bottled water We had a great experience. The hotel was very clean and the staff was very helpful. The prices for the hotel and all the additional services they arranged for us were also very reasonable. Happy travels!	
Nov 15 2009 	Nice place reality of India will hit you in this neighbourhood	We stayed at this hotel a few times. The rooms are OK. The linens are not spotless, definitely had not been changed but this is normal for Indian hotels/hostals (unless you go to upscale places), so bring your own if you wish. Also if you use the AC, there is no blanket and it gets pretty cold. I had my sleeping bad. The first time we stayed the AC worked the whole time and the room was freezing. The next time, the AC was turned off through the main switch downstairs so it got stuffy and hot. Complain and ask for a discount if this happens. Everything is negotiable in India!Rickshaws and taxis are easily accessible, the staff will even fetch you one if needed. Friendly, safe, hot water, good price.Located in Paharganj, metro station (Rama Krishna) is 2min walk, plenty of dirt and beggars, so if your first time and day in India, be prepared to be shocked. New Delhi railway station is super close and a ride with a rickshaw should be no more than 40-50 rupees. Nizamuddin is farther away.	
Jun 6 2009 	Clean hotel reasonable prices	We stayed at Pearl Plaza in Paharganj, Delhi for 2 nights in the middle of May 2009. We got lost in Paharganj (which is a big market) on our way there on the first day, but on the second day we had no problems finding it anymore, even at night.Here is a summary of our impressions from the Pearl Plaza.positive:- email communication with the hotel was very fast (we made a reservation in advance. In Delhi making a reservation in advance is strongly reccomended, as there are not so many good hotels and prices are quite high)- very good price for double AC room (no breakfast, but breakfast could be booked extra for 80 Rs. p.P.) - 1100 Rs including taxes.- reasonable price for airport pick up - 600 Rs for AC car. The Airport is quite far away from the city (ca 30min drive). Prepaid taxis from the eirport are cheaper, however.- friendly staff- nice, modern furniture- warm water- comfortable beds- clean linen- laundry and dry- cleaners' service which was quite cheap (15Rs. p. piece of clothing) and returns the laundry on the same day- free tea around the clock- TV and fridge- a lot of restaurants, internet cafes and shopping possibilities all around.negative:- no internet- many rooms have no windows- ACs temperature is being controlled centrally, by the reception staff. Thatswhy our room was quite cold when the AC was on. We even could not switch it off ourselves.- no wardrobe in the room	
Sep 1 2009 	buona sistemazione e buon prezzo		
