Aug 22 2009 	Hasan M. Abu-Narr Abu Dhabi UAE	Excellent Hotel and Brilliant Staff with reasonable price ... I stay in the hotel from 20 – 21 August 2009. I came to New Delhi to do a professional exam at Ramnath House Yousuf Sarai Community Center. All staff was very helpful and cooperative … especially the receptionist. I would like to thank Mr. Prithive (receptionist) for his help and advises. Many thanks. Hasan M. Abu NarrAbu Dhabi , UAE	
Aug 11 2009 	Excellent Staff. Very Courteous. Accommodative. Careless Owner.	I am very pleased with the staff. Staff is very courteous. The owner/management is lucky to have such a wonderful staff. It is not enough to have good staff. The owner/management should have good outlook and try to improve the condtions. Air Conditioning is not adequate, Staff maintains the rooms and bath rooms to their ability. But the owner/management should care to update the fixtures. Any bath tub or commode will go bad inspite of regular maintenance. It has to be replaced at one point. Similarly the Air Conditioning. If the owner/management can wake up and replace the old fixtures with new once at least oncer a year, this hotel can get more than 4 stars. But for now this is a 3 star or less.I give 200% credit to the staff. The restaurant is good. The staff in the restaurant is excellent. This hotel was arranged for us by GetsHolidays.Breakfast is included. We had to leave the hotel early morning by 6:00 AM to go to places twice during our stay. Since we went from US, we were only trusting the food at the hotel and were affraid to buy any thing on our way (in Dhaba etc). We requested the kitchen staff to pack some breakfast for us. They did an excellent job by packing toast, jam, muffin and fruit. I really appreciate the efforts taken by the staff to pack the breakfast in such a neat manner for us. Even though the hotel is away from the central Delhi, it is in a quite neighbourhood. Close to Delhi IIT and AIIMS.Since we were there in July the weather was un bearable. It was very hot and once we go out we sweat. Even though we travel in an air conditioned car, once you step out you sweat. We had vacate the room by noon. But requested the staff to allow us to take shower once we came back to pick up our luggage that we left in their cloak room. They were kind enough to allow us to take shower before we left for the Air Port.Overall this is a nice hotel and I would not hesitate to go back again. I would highly recommend the hotel to others.	
Jun 6 2009 	Very Good	I stayed here for almost a week while attending a conference in the same hotel.Found the place quite good in terms of the rooms, amenities, facilities like the restaurant and conference setup. Large rooms and a great buffet in the restaurants were definite plus points.One negative factor is that the place was a little bit far from for example the city centre. Otherwise it was good.	
May 10 2009 	Value for Money	We wre around 18 doctors stayed in Grand sartaj . execlent Hospiltality given by staff neat n clean place to stay at reasonble price. Food was execlent . Parking a little problem. Good Interior .	
Dec 29 2008 	Dirty and overpriced	We stayed at this hotel for one night, out 1st night in Delhi, it was a horrible experience.It is close to a main road, but not within walking distance to anywhere, very noisy all night!Bugs in the room.The breakfast was terrible and overpriced.We were booked at this hotel for another night after our tour and our last night in India, we did not stay here as we couldn't bring ourselves to enter this hotel again.	
