Aug 31 2009 	Please do not stay here	Liked most: Leaving!Liked least: Hard sell of tour/travel packagesWe only stayed for two nights, but wouldn't have stayed for any had we not already paid via the internet. If you're thinking of staying at this hotel, please don't. I just don't want anyone else to have the same experience as us.We arranged for transport from the airport which proved very useful, and the car driver was on time and very friendly. The hotel itself was down an alleyway, but I guess a lot of Delhi hotels are. The room was a good size, but even if the sheets and pillowcases had been cleaned, they certainly didn't look it. We ended up putting tshirts on the pillows before we dared lay our heads on them! The area is very noisy at night. We couldn't shut out the noise from outside as there was an air con unit fitted to the window - not that it worked, as the plug had been cut off. Inside the hotel was also very noisy with staff shouting to one another and music playing. Could also hear another hotel guest being very ill in the room upstairs... Yuk! Always seemed to be about 10 staff around, and except for the very smiley doorman, no-one seemed to do much unless they thought there was a good chance of a tip! On the first day, we asked reception for directions to the train station but he insisted on calling the manager. The manager arrived. Again, we asked directions. So when he led us outside and through the streets, we naively thought he was taking us there - no, he was taking us to the Mohan's sister hotel where he proceeded to 'hard sell' his tour packages. After an hour of explaining we weren't ready to buy anything, we left and he was obviously unhappy about it - not offering any help in locating the train station or even returning to the Mohan. We were now in an area completely unknown to us, in the middle of Delhi, on our first day there. To say this was a bit scary is an understatement, and just underlines how little the Mohan International thinks of their guests - perhaps people who do buy their travel packages get treated a lot better.Please don't stay here unless you know the area, don't mind the noise, are able to say 'no' very forcefully, and are completely financially unable to stay elsewhere. I honestly think the good reviews on tripadvisor must have been put up by the manager, employees or friends of the hotel because I can't imagine any other reason why people would recommend this hotel to others.Please don't stay here.	
Mar 31 2008 	Clean but Basic Hotel	We stayed at the Hotel Mohan International this month for one night and although the room was very basic it was clean. As other people mentioned in their reviews there were stains on the sheets and the fact that my friends had a man sleeping on the floor outside of their room was very weird. I would recommend this hotel for travellers on a budget as it was cheap and it was a good location. I wouldn't recommend the hotel to women travellers (as we were), as there were times when we felt quite uncomfortable.	
Jan 27 2008	Not worth it	Bottom line - don't stay here. It's totally over-priced, and there must be better hotels nearby. The guy who worked the front desk was horrendous - when I asked him for directions to a specific restaurant, he asked me why I didn't just order room service, and refused to help me. When I tried to book a taxi to the airport, he tried to charge me double what we paid on our way in. The hotel is very noisy, and the free &quot;breakfast&quot; was pretty disgusting.	
Nov 21 2007 	Not a very good hotel at all!	Stayed here for 3 days having booked on Expedia. It must have been decades since this hotel was last refurbished. The underside of the basin was covered in rust. Though the bedsheet you sleep on had been washed it still had old marks and stains on it. There are no bedsheetsto sleep under, just these rugs - not sure if they're washed regularlytoo.If you get a ground floor room don't expect to sleep until late! Noiseof buzzers (for people calling from their room) and voices through thelate evening and early the next morning make it very difficult.Oh, and they give the hard sell on getting you to visit their travel agent. We did and ended up getting a package but only after refusing some of the hotels he offered as Tripadvisor had some shocking reviewsfor one or two. The other hotels were good and having a driver for a week (which they offered) as well as having everything organised for you was actually really convenient so glad we did it. If your driver is a man called Mahender, you're lucky - he's really really lovely man- always cheery and got great advice!	
Jul 26 2007 	Avoid this dump !!!!!	Avoid this place - you may have seen in advertised on the STA website but I would guess that STA have not stayed here. It is a very basic hotel and the cleanliness leaves a lot to be desired. We paid 15 UK pounds per night as we wanted our first few nights accomodation sorted out before we arrived but with hindsight there are a lot of similar hotels in the area which are much cheaper if you just walk in off the street.The management also hassled us to try and get us to book tours through them and were very reluctant to accept NO for an answer.The only advantage to this place is its proximity to New Delhi Railway station but as I say there are many other hotels in the immediate area which offer better value for money.Get a Lonely Planet and make some phone calls.	
Oct 5 2006 	Worst hotel were we stayed!	First of all the airport pickup didn't show up. After calling several times he eventually did, but 2 hours late. Rooms in the hotel are reasonable, but the staff is horrible. The &quot;manager&quot; kept stalking me on the hotelroom phone about tours he wanted to sell, they staff didn't let me out of the hotel alone but were almost agressively pushy about arranging a city-tour. Even at 4 o'clock in the morning they were banging on the door and calling on the phone about tours. Very much noise at night. Left one night early because i couldn't stand it anymore. I'm used to budget travel, the rooms were OK but the rest made me want to run away! There are much better hotels in this area, sometimes even cheaper...	
May 20 2006	Total Scam Stay Away	What a scam. There are atleast 50 other similar hotels around this one and you don't need to book this online. If you are looking for this price range, simply get off the train at the main station, walk around, ask to look at the room and the bed sheets before you select one, BUT DON&quot;T GO WITH HOTEL MOHAN. Its dirty, noisy, expensive, and not worth the hassle. Front desk is not helpful. I got this hotel from another site and based on the listing, I figured it would be a reasonable place. But what a mistake. Like I said, if you are looking for that price range, simply walk around the area and check out the room before you buy.I asked for a driver and they gave me one that got us into an accident the same day. I asked for internet, and they had me driven to their sister location 10 minutes away when infact there were several places right down the road.	
Feb 8 2006	Shame on Hotel Club!!	I spent five weeks in India from Mid December till the end of January. Unfortunately, my first two nights were spent at this ridiculous excuse for a hotel. First of all, Hotel Club is absolutely LYING about their location indicating that they are located at Connaught Place where several five star hotels are located including the famous Imperial Hotel. In fact, this place is located at the MAIN TRAIN STATION area which is a full 8 minutes by TAXI and quite a dangerous area even in the daytime. I am a solo woman traveler in her 30's and did not appreciate this deception. Secondly, the price charged by Hotel Club (20 euros night) is OUTRAGEOUS for Delhi for a hotel of this type and shameful considering the condition. I checked other accomodation around this place and their prices for a single room with hot water, private toilette etc was in the $8-$12 range. Thirdly, the cleanliness factor was overlooked as the sheets were SMEARED with some dark substance I chose not to closely investigate and requested new sheets. The floor attendant graciously brought some but after I opened them I discovered that they too were dirty and never cleaned prior to being pressed. Thank goodness I had a sleep sheet packed and used that! Fourthly, the man who collects the dirty sheets in the morning would smoke marajuana every day and the elevator was full of the smoke. I am asthmatic so this was not amusing. Lastly, there was not even any heating (in December) and it was freezing and no hot water in the shower (in December). I stay in simple accomodation sometimes, but they are usually clean and pleasant. I sent Hotel Club a prompt review of this hotel and am shocked to see this HORRIFIC Place is still on offer to unsuspecting guests.	
Dec 9 2005	basic but clean and central	We ebooked in advance and arranged a car to meet us at the airport, a very good tip as you WILL be ripped off by taxi drivers, they can sense newcomers. the hotel was clean, the loos flushed and the shower/fan and a/c worked. On arrival we felt we were stuck down an alleyway in a seemingly grotty part of town. It turns out most of Delhi looks like this, it takes a bit of getting used to. Mohan is easy to find as it is directly behind the sheila cinema. we had no problem with the management, however, do not use the inhouse travel agent for taxi tours or car booking, we chose to use the ajanta hotels (200m away), even then we were advised to book from the company directly, as commission is charged by all operators involved. Also bring your own loo roll, although it can be bought from the shop/ std phone stall at the end of the street. I am sure we paid over the odds, but as i say it was worth it to avoid the hassle that you will get from touts, taxi drivers and 'helpful' strangers who want tipped for their advice.	
Apr 15 2009 	Un hôtel minable mais bien situé		
