Nov 17 2009 	Good value for money	First impression wasn't good, as the ac, tv , gyser and bathroom lights of the room i was given wasn't working. however when i complained about that, the staff at the front desk acknowledged it, and told me that they were aware of it and offered another room to me as soon as one was available. However they fixed it within an hour. Apart from that there was no problem. we booked taxis and delhi sight seeing through the hotel's tarvel desk which was fantastic. The room was very spacious and clean, and was made every day by the house keeping staffs. Very friendly staff, who would always be there to attend to your needs. Very handy location. Would love to stay there again.	
Nov 7 2009 	excellent service with very polite staff	If requiring any services please ask the staff as they can point you in any direction, whether it be leather, fabric they will help you. Transport to where ever organized efficiently and on time.	
Oct 28 2009 	Beware of Expedia booking	I book this hotel through Expedia, my credit card was deducted yet no confirmation from Hotel. Wrote many email to Expedia &amp; hotel, no reply from anyone. Any one can advice what to do next?	
Oct 26 2009 	well locatedfriendly and helpful staff	for india it was a little pricey,but that shouldnt take away the fact its in a good location and we found the staff very willing to help when needed.the rooms are clean and they offer a pick up service from the airport which helps to avoid any early stress.would reccomend to anybody	
Oct 23 2009 	Not the value for money	Hotel is near a construction site. Non professional staff, dusts in the room, a filthy place to stay. i can’t recommend to anybody who can pay at least 25$ a night. Book at your risk.	
Oct 18 2009 	good hotel good service lokality ok	taking well care about guest coming, carrying luggage , not begging for tip,Breakfast could become better with some fruit as well. Mr.Chauhan at the frontdesk is ok helpfull, and organizing whats needed.	
Oct 15 2009 	So so but location is good	I booked this via hotels.com for 1330rs a night, inclusive of tax. reception was very dowdy, felt like a step back to late 80s. check in was prompt, and they had their own scanner so they can take copies of my passport straightaway.room itself was fairly small, just about fit the double bed. it had a kettle and some mugs, but i didn't use them. AC was clunky but worked. bathroom had a vent in it which was fairly noisy. linen felt clean and bed was comfortable. overall nothing to shout about, but it will do, given the location and the price. the basement restaurant served breakfast: boiled eggs, toast with butter and jam, cornflakes, tea and coffee. there was also chapati. i would suggest having breakfast to go as the restaurant is quite dismal, with a leaky pipe and general air of tiredness.there is a lift in the building and it works fine. There is a restaurant opposite which does good quality indian fare at a reasonable price, all in air conditioned and dim-light ambience.	
Oct 3 2009	Very pleasant environment with excellent service and accommodation	This hotel was a good fit for my son and I. We arrived at 2:30 am after being picked up at the airport. Excellent breakfast. Kind and skilled staff. Manager helped us chart our trip. Clean and large, quiet room. I recommend this hotel for your next trip to Dehli.	
Oct 1 2009 	Good Location	I stayed at Hotel Royal Holidays for three nights and i found the hotel very nice. the hotel has excellent staff who takes good care of you and they make sure that you get everything on time. the most significant thing about the hotel is its close proximity to the metro station and the restaurant is just opposite to the hotel.. and the karol bagh market is just 2 mins walk from the hotel ...	
Aug 19 2009 	Do not go this place!	We had an awful holiday in this hotel. The staff was not professional and they even tried to cheat us many times. They were really ***holes towards to us. When they didn't get us as many tips as they wanted, they tried to cancel our connection way to the Agra. It was scary and very unpleasant. So we left this place before our check-out date. And - of course - we didn't get anything back. These pictures in TripAdvisor of this hotel are fake. The street is very dirty and full of everything you might even imagine. The rooms are very dark, dirty and water comes - when it comes. So if you want to stay in a place what is called hotel - don't even think about this ratt hole.	
Jul 20 2009 	paradise for japanse tourist in new delhi cheap and best	this hotel is good hotelbath,toilet,bed clean good sleeping very safety hotel staff very honest i recomend to all japanase tourist student or family visit here very cheap and good hotel my name is Kenichi Hisae email address japanboy1984@yahoo.com	
Jul 18 2009 	Excellent	hello my name Fermin and I am resident of England I am retired Physician. I came India for holidays and stayed in Hotel Royal Holidays. It is very close to the centre and the main thing the market is very close to the hotel. I am passing some holidays in new Delhi and i want to say something have been very pleasant and the company that myself this representing and the hotel where I lodge of the same signs they are excellent and very dependable the parts where there I am visited they provided me a wonderful service. All the personnel as the chauffeurs administration and employees in general are of first That they grasp that the stay be but of armonia and pleasant in the personal thing them bearing a grudge because not alone came visited but also the same country and every world satisfied by its services. The company of the one that I mention is, ABYSS TOURS AND My representative is Mr ARIF. I can recommend this to everyone, because they are trust worthy and generous.	
Jul 14 2009 	love staff people	I stayed in this hotel in the month of June with my wife well i booked online and use there free pickup services in the begining i was not sure about my booking and free pickup but defeintly everything works very well and really ended up to stay there four nights i lov ethe people there services staff and more everybody is very honest and sinceralso i use there travel services was really pleased for everythingi wouldl receomnd thsi hotel for any type of Tourist	
May 29 2009 	Do not choose this hotel	I agree with bad responses. Besides deceive with payment. Have reserved and have paid for other hotel, and have lodged in this and have forced to pay the second time. Do not contact ?siativ.com and a travel agent Arif who works with this hotel.	
Feb 25 2009 	Great staff great location!	We had a really nice stay at Hotel Royal Holidays. The hotel staff there was very kind - especially the front desk and housekeeping staff. We just asked for anything we needed - towels, extra pillows, toilet paper - and they were quick to attend to our requests.There is a great restaurant directly across the street - Dana Choga. I highly recommend this place. Great food and service and the prices were reasonable (600-700 rupees for 2).The hotel is just a block away from tons of shopping in Karol Bagh. You're also a short taxi or metro ride from Connaught Place (many restaurants and shops there).The room was clean and the bed was comfortable.	
Feb 13 2009 	great place! staff very helpful and lovely	We really enjoyed our stay here the welcome and airport pick up made a really smooth and pleasant transition when very jet lagged. room was clean and comfortable, the room was quiet. we could not have been better looked after better by the staff ,breakfast was delicious! Arif was great helped us find our way round and deal with any difficulties. Thanx!	
Feb 1 2009 	Unprofessional reception	According to the booking by Expedia airport pick-up was included and the rooms should be two &quot;super deluxe doubles&quot;. The hotel had been notifyed about flight number and arrival time. The flight arrived at Delhi airport somewhat delayed and there was nobody from the hotel waiting for us. Fortunately, this was not our first visit to Delhi so we knew that there is a prepaid taxi counter outside the airport. At the hotel reception we were told that someone had been at the airport for us. Shouldn't they check if there is a delay? The reception staff was not interested in discussing this matter. The double rooms we got the first night were disappointing, to say the least. Very small dirty rooms with leftovers from previous guests, only double beds although twin beds had been booked. Not what you want after a long flight.The next day we got two decent rooms with twin beds. In spite of this, our first impression remained - that some of the staff was not professional and showed lack of interest.	
Jan 27 2009 	A good deal!	I booked this hotel through the Thank You Points website after reading some posiitive reviews in Trip Advisor. A couple of weeks before I went to Delhi I read some negative reviews and was very concerned. When my family and I arrived there late in in the night I was pleasantly surprised of the location and cleanliness of the Hotel. The staff were very courteous and the room was clean and sufficiently equiped. The following morning we were served with a good breakfast in our room. Our stay of 3 nights was very comfortable and as we were interested in shopping, the shopping area was down the street from the Hotel. Karol Bagh is the best place for bargain hunters. I will most certainly recomend this hotel to anyone looking for a decently priced hotel with breakfast located in a central area in Delhi.	
Jan 12 2009	Overpriced!	I stayed at this hotel mid Jan for one night and couldn't get out of the place fast enough!There were no towels in our room, we had to ask for them twice. The Room was dark and gloomy as it had no windows and the wardrobe doors were jammed closed so we could not use it.I was very tempted to move after we arrived but as it was late in the evening and were leaving the next day I decided to put up with it but I was sorry to spend my last night in India is such a miserable hotel.The worst was when late that night after being out for dinner and returning to go to bed I pulled back the bed covers to find there was no top sheet on the bed, we just had a thick blanket(which I really couldn't be sure is washed in between visitors),as it was late and we were tired we did not bother to request a top sheet so I ended up sleeping in my clothes!Finally we had the worst nights sleep because of the noise, seemed to be a combination of road works and internal noise in the hotel!We gave breakfast a miss as it was in the basement (again no windows!) and it looked rather average or maybe our overall experience suppressed our appetite!The most basic accommodation we stayed at had at least fresh sheets and towels, this place is massively overpriced and I would not recommend	
Jan 4 2009 	overpriced!	We stayed at Hotel Royal Holidays during a recent trip to India. The hotel was clean enough but the room was very expensive for what it was. We were paying around 1400Rs for a very basic room without a window which was often smelly. The staff at the hotel were friendly and helpful on the whole, however ignore any help they offer in hiring a taxi/rickshaw as you'll find one much cheaper yourself by simply walking down the road. The main problem we had with this hotel was the incessant noise all through the night. It felt like we were were sleeping in the middle of a building site (which we probably were!) and even if the workers stopped, the staff or noisy elevator (with music!) would soon wake us. If you have to stay here, make sure you have your earplugs.It's hard to find a good value hotel in Delhi, so you may as well choose a budget option. It may not be the nicest place but it beats paying way over the odds for something that's not much better!One more thing, if you haven't paid for your booking through the internet, it's worth asking them to lower the price of the room. We threatened to leave after a night and they lowered their price considerably.	
Dec 28 2008 	very average	Stayed here at the start and end of our trip... rooms are ok but as with everything in Delhi well overpriced for what you get. Breakfast is terrible but there is toast... Rooms are ok with showers that produce a dribble... Biggest let down for us was the unhelpful nature of the staff. Every question i asked resulted in them trying to make money off us... How do we get to Conaught Place... Dont worry ill get you a taxi... How much?... About 200 Rs... isnt that a bit expensive?? Well we can get you a rickshaw... How much? About 100Rs... Only because we met some fellow travellers did they tell us about the metro 2 minutes away and only 8Rs to Conaught Place!!!Stay here if you have to but if i ever return to Delhi i wouldnt go back	
Dec 12 2008 	Looked OK but they lodged us in another hotel!	We booked one night in this hotel, but when we arrived they said that another guest had missed their flight, and they would have to put us up in another hotel. They drove us there, and were vey polite about it, and the other hotel was fine, but we were still a little disappointed. Still, the area was fine, handy for anywhere you might want, and near the metro if you don't want to risk your skin in an auto.	
Dec 9 2008 	Comfrotable and Clean	Hotel Royal Holidays is a clean and very confortable hotel. It has spacious rooms and clean bathrooms. The service here is excellent . For the price we paid we got a really good deal as in running hot water, clean bathrooms and excellent services compared to some overpriced hotels. The rooms include tv and fridge which are handy. overall, we are very hapy with the hotel as the staff put our comfort first.	
Nov 25 2008 	Try to find better place	Like others I chose this hotel only because of its good reviews. Reality was hard to accept. I wasn't expecting much with the price I paid but... It is more like hostel than hotel. Room was quite ok but bathroom was horrible. Cockroaches in my bed were disgusting. To sum up it is close to metro station and also very nice market so if you are looking for chaep accomodation with hostel standards, you can try this one. Always keep their business card with you because taxi drivers don't know this place at all.	
Nov 23 2008	fair but some irritations	booked this hotel through expedia after reading favorable reviews here, had to stay a night in delhi on my way to nepal. called the hotel day before to confirm reservation, and give them my flight information for free airport pickup which was promised. they said 'no problem we'll be there.' showed up at the airport with no one waiting for me. when i called the hotel, they denied having my flight info, and also then refused to pick me up from the domestic airport, and they only do international, citing hotel policy. they advised i take a cab. i arrived in karol bagh via prepaid taxi (175rs) and they had a hard time finding the hotel, the driver had to call to get directions. after my arrival, staff was friendly and put me up in the room i reserved, however the decor was very odd, a king bed with gold sheets made for a campy 70s feel. shower had this strange radio which freaked me out when it turned on suddenly, good hot water if you turn on the heater. good pressure. breakfast was standard with a few indian dishes, bread, and eggs. nothing to get excited over. overall the stay would have been okay if they hadn't confirmed picking me up and then refusing later. hotel was in a decent location, within walking distance of the metro, but just too hard to find. looks nothing like the photo because they photoshopped all the other hotels out of the picture and put in sky instead.	
Nov 20 2008 	Dump Hotel Useless staff	This Hotel is a fake, we booked here because it was 7th on the ranking, and when I think about the horrible night we passed there I cannot understand how can has that score. I even thought that they have written the reviews themselves or using friends. But at the end of the day 20£ for a couple one night you get what you pay a dump place. The staff is completely useless, with no manners at all, and since you step into the hotel no matter about your long flight they start trying to con you with all sort of crap deals....Our room was facing to the street and there are works in progress in front of the hotel 24 hours, and I mean 24 hours the whole night, listening to hammers, saws, people shouting etc....The air con, when you look at it you turn it off as you think you are going to die if you breath that air coming through that dirt and mud equipment. The painting of the walls coming off, the shower well better to say the water drops coming out of it, there is no pressure...We checked out early next morning as we had to take a train to Jaipur, and there were people sleeping on the stairs, the guy of the reception on the sofa at the entrance, we had to wake him up to check out.....Rest of food on the corridors,.....to be honest for a few quid more get to somewhere else and save your self that sort of entry to India.The good things are the area which is excellent with a market full of bargains, the metro station which is just around the corner, plenty of agencies, plenty of auto rickshaws cycle rickshaws etc....Karol Bagh is a very safe area to walk at day or night, although at night in India there is not much to do. So I would not hang around too much...There is a free airport pick up service but this is standard now in most hotels, if you book trough expedia etc I recommend contact the hotel directy trough their web site for this service. But as I said this is provided by any Hotel. After our first night in this dumped place we decided that our next hotel in delhi was the clarck international which is more expensive, but is on the same area, the food is excellent, the staff is very professional and helpful, and it is worth it after the busy days on the city the crowded metros, the markets etc....	
Nov 12 2008	Nice Stay excellent service	Was in Delhi just a week ago. Stayed at Royal Holidays Hotel in Karol Bagh, New Delhi. The Hotel is neat, tidy and clean and theservice was excellent. The staff are very friendly and very helpful. was met with eager, smiling faces and immediate attention was given to all my requests. Tour company recommended the hotel and was very helpful in arranging my very short trip at a very short notice. The hotel is central to Delhi and the shopping is just within walking distance. There is a medical centre just next door and lots of restaurants nearby. Rooms are big and affordable even for a budget traveller. Internet is also available so I did not have to go out looking for internet cafe.I would stay there again if I go back to Delhi.	
Nov 9 2008 	I like delhi	Hotel Royal holidays is a good place to stay in delhi. But the problem is tour operator connecting with the hotel trying to waste time of the tourist by showing expensive tour plans. room is good but they have to clean room daily. Hot water is also a big problem in the hotel.	
Oct 30 2008 	Decent place to stay in central Delhi	This is a decent hotel in the Karol Bagh area of Delhi. There are like a million hotels in a few blocks radius that all look similar to Hotel Royal Holidays. The location is the best thing about this hotel. Karol Bagh is central to just about anything you'd want to do in Delhi - and Karol Bagh is a nice area with a great open air market and places to eat just a few steps from the hotel. The metro is also just a couple of blocks away.The room itself was dirty by my standards so I didn't take my shoes off while in my room, but I got the impression that most hotels in the area are probably like this. And for some reason they don't put a top sheet on your bed - I couldn't figure this out because there was no way I was going to cover up with the gross bedspread next to my skin! We had to ask for an extra sheet a few times. The service was pretty good when we ordered coffee or asked for something. The biggest warning I would give you is that they have an &quot;associated&quot; travel agency run by a man named Abid Zargar who will hard sell you on a trip to Agra or wherever you mention you want to go. Travel services are fine and Abid is trustworthy, but we practically felt like we were being controlled by the Mafia while we were there. So beware when you check into Hotel Royal Holidays and stick to your guns. Don't let them make you feel bad for not complying with what they want you to do - it's YOUR trip after all! We felt like we spent part of our trip arguing with Abid, which is frustrating when we were only staying in India for a couple of weeks - certainly not how I wanted to spend my time! I just wanted a hotel to stay at!!	
Oct 27 2008 	Great Option for Delhi!	We stayed in this hotel on our way out of Delhi after having had a bad experience at a place in the Pahar Ganj area of Delhi. I am so glad we found this place! This hotel is located in a quiet section of the city a $1-$2 auto rickshaw ride from everywhere. (There is also a metro station about 2 blocks away). There are many restaurants and shops within a block or two. The service is quite good, and the staff is very helpful and accommodating. I realize that there are not many good mid-range options in Delhi, but this place is great. I seriously have no complaints about this place. I would recommend the Hotel Royal Holidays to anyone who does not want to stay in a rock-bottom backpacker-type place.	
Oct 25 2008 	Love this Hotel	It was our first time in India and we were so scared as we been heard many things about the touts at the airport but we were greeted at the airport with a hotel taxi driver who drove very safely in the night and droped us off at the hotel.We found the Hotel reception welcoming always during our stay.We went to a tourist Information office down the street which was recomended by the hotel staff,they helped us to organise our transportation and train tickets from place to place on basic prices.One nagative point which I should say about the restaurant which was under construction during our 3 days stay but room service was great and pretty fast.I will definetly stay in this hotel again and will recomend this hotel to the budget class travelers...	
Oct 23 2008 	The hotel provides good service!	Room was also good - if you like with window, better ask for it - but might be better without window. We booked via Expedia. There was a guy at the reception named Sajad who gave us a free taxi ride TO the airport. Thanks!	
Oct 18 2008 	Nice and clean hotel very good staff	This is my second time in India in last year I have booked hotel Suncity from Expedia I was not so happy because room size was very small there was no restaurant unfortunately we have to take breakfast in our room , this time I went tripadviser website and I have seen review of Hotel Royal Holidays first I was thinking this all review is fake but when I booked through expedia one night and I have call (Mr. Sajad Manager of Hotel ) he promise me he will pickup us from the international Airport on our arrival driver was waiting for us .when we reached hotel it was really nice hotel and very clean size of the rooms very spacious very clean bathroom free Wi Fi complimentary breakfast . I have stayed there 3 nights it was wonderful experience I really highly recommend this hotel	
Oct 15 2008 	Friendly comfortable hotel	My boyfriend and I stayed at Hotel Royal Holidays a total of 4 nights (2 at the beginning of our trip and 2 near the end) and we had no problems there whatsoever. The rooms are clean with huge beds, private bathroom with shower and television, including towels and sheets. We paid 30 Dollars per night with breakfast and airport pick up included. Also, they have Internet available for guests in lobby (extra charge but very cheap). The staff are very friendly and help with any queries. They helped us organise the first part of our trip (they have links with a travel agency just down the road from the hotel) which was reasonable priced. The staff even let us leave our luggage at the hotel on our last day (when we hadn't even stayed there our last night!) so they are just really helpful and friendly people.The area where the hotel is located, Karol Bagh, can be a bit of a shock at first (old buildings, crowded), but that is just Delhi!! Also, there is a really good market just round the corner from the hotel which is great for buying souvenirs and pretty much anything! There are cafés and restaurants nearby too, just 2 min walk away.The metro station is just a 5 min walk from the hotel (Karol Bagh stop) which is 3 stops from Connaught Place, so it's very conveniently located.I have no bad things to say about this hotel as overall it was a great place to stay!Nicola M &amp; David C	
Sep 23 2008 	Our first experience in New Delhi!	We are two girls from sweden that has stayed in the royal holidays hotel in new delhi. We first stayed for 1 night and then a week later we stayed for another 2 nights. Our experience so far has been very good. The room is comfortable and the service is really nice. The reception has helped us with what we need. Tack for en trevlig vistelse och en intressant forsta natt!! :)Thank you, best regards, Frida Tortela &amp; Elena Grahn-moller	
Aug 30 2008	safe and clean	Very Good hotel reasonable price good location safe for single women travellers have no problem to recomended Staff is very friendly also i use there free pickup services again no complains	
Aug 5 2008 	this is best hotel in budget range	We enjoyed the hotel and stayed for about 3 days in two separate stages. good value and excellent location. Hotel Service: The staff and front counter staff were very helpful and were able to help with a range of requests. also this hotel proviode complimentray airport pickup	
Aug 5 2008 	Stay Was Very Comfort	Dear TrevelersMy stay was very comfort &amp; peace even though located in the central market Karol Bagh. There Staff was very helpfull or personalized, Room was excellent, clean &amp; furnished, also enjoyed the restroom area with cosmetic mirror. enjoyed our food at the hotel, For a reasonably priced hotel, this really felt like a luxury experience. This hotel is very closed to India Gate and other major tourist places. on my arrival hotel representative had pick us and drop at hotel in late night which i have got complementary transfer when I booked this hotel. I reccomand this hotel to every travelers who is looking cheap and best, if they really want to make their stay comfort. I am also coming on 18, December, 08 with my entire family and send the request in advance when I finalize my trip to India again.-James	
Oct 21 2009 	???????????????		
Sep 1 2009 	hotel discreto con servizio di pick up free dall'aeroporto		
Nov 10 2008 	Va savoir...		
Nov 3 2008 	?????		
Oct 7 2008 	Really nice people!		
Sep 29 2008 	bon hotel		
