	Ok hotel in a poor area	Ok hotel if you need somewhere to crash, not near anything useful except the metro and markets. Staff were helpful, area was dodgy.	
Nov 3 2009 	Worst hotel why i come here ?	I was confirming at hotel classic. The room service was good if you put some money for the house keeping. The price they charge for the rooms are again too high for what you want to get. Management should be ashamed of them.	
Nov 2 2009	Nice Clean Hotel Near Metro	We travelled Delhi in group tour of India of Delhi Agra Jaipur Jaiselmer. Hotel Classic is nice clean hotel with good facilities. We were served well by smiling staff. Hotel is near metro station will lift which in useful for old person like us.	
Sep 30 2009 	Loved The Classic Hospitality	Hotel Classic is Classic in all means. I was planning to cancel my trip to India due to disturbances in India but Owner Jitendra Chadda helped me on email and assured that he will take care of us. I am happy that I believed on him. He made our trip easy by making all our trips confirmed. Pickup person was always smiling (I was very annoyed with Cusom person at Airport) but he took care of our luggage. Rooms were cleaned with all basic amenities. We were upgraded to executive room on third floor at no extra cost which was surprise for us. Breakfast was good in room. Wifi was complementry at lobby and I found it very useful. We would be returning here next month on our way back.	
Sep 7 2009 	Excellent Stay	I have been visiting India's cities for last 2Months. This hotel has been most comfortable and memorable experience. After being picked from Airport in Air Conditioned Car we were given upgraded room on arrival. Service was good. Hot showers worked early morning (Surprising in Indian Cities). Even breakfast was served at 5AM on my request. Location is good with all food joints nearby. Lots of shopping also. Overall my experience was excellent. Thanks to management.	
Jun 20 2009 	Bad Experience	I booked the hotel on internet after seeing good reviews but on my arrival uncleaned room given to me but when i request the front desk they tell me to wait for 2 hours but after that they shift my room and again there was same problem. But at last they solve the problem. Over all experience was bad the room service was not good. The front manager was polite and good but service was zero.My over all experience was bad even manager approach me to put good review for the hotel and agree to give me the discount....	
May 5 2009 	Could be cleaner great location for metro	We arrived in the middle of the night having been picked up by taxi (read two chaps in someone's small car which unnerved us a little) arranged by the hotel prior to our arrival which wasa lot less hassle than trying to deal with mayhem at the airport at midnight. We stayed for two nights and found the staff to be really helpful and the service great, with room service at pretty much any time of night or day. The constant Bollywood blaring out of the reception TV was a little offputting at 3 o'clock in the morning but nothing compared to the rest of the noise in Delhi. Our room was quite large and had table and chairs and a sofa as well. The bed was large and quite comfortable, but the sheets weren't the cleanest I've ever seen and it didn't help that we didn't realise we were supposed to remove the wierd pillow cases before getting into bed. The bathroom was a bit grim, but no grimmer than any of the other hotels we stayed at in India during the fortnight that we stayed. The major bonus about this hotel is that it is in the middle of a slightly quieter surburban district and it is only a 5 minute walk to the nearest metro station, which for Westerners is the easiest, cheapest, least hassle method of getting round. The area was packed with shops,restaurants and one of the only department stores I saw. The metro being so close was perfect. although being separated (boys in one line, girls in another) for X-Ray scanning prior to embarking everytime was certainly an interesting method of security that I doubt passengers would tolerate on the Tube. There are probably other better value perhaps slightly cleaner hotels out there, but for first time visitors to India we found this easy, hassle-free, OK value for money, with good service, good English communication, and ideally situated for an initial foray into Delhi.	
May 4 2009 	Loved the Hotel N Staff	Good Clean Budget Hotel in Market Area Koral Bugh. We had beed reffered by friends who visited last year. It was very nice experience. Staff very friendly.	
Mar 6 2009 	great for two women travelling alone	pick up at airport was spot on, the man with placard with my name on it waiting for us, with the hustle and bustle of Delhi airport this was abonus for RS900 to arrive safe at the hotel, I also booked day tours to Agra and Jaipur,RS850 each.A/C bus for both, mostly Indians are the tourists that board these buses, so you have some good times joking about how much extra westerners have to pay to visit monuments. The hotel was clean comfortable beds and occationally hot water, but to be fair we were geting up at 5am to go on the trips. Breakfast we had in our room as there is no dining room, but this was nota problem, as a couple of times we had a meal in the evening, there is a good S,Indian restraunt round the corner and a modern food court.  The area of the hotel did not make us feel afraid to walk out in the evening, sometimes we did not get back from trips till midnight. The staff are a real jolly gang and could not do enough to help us, they booked a local taxi to take us round Delhi for the day and this is probably the best way to see most things in Delhi.I had been e mailing the owner for a couple of months prior to my visit, so when I met him it was like meeting an old friend. I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel, it is a quiet retreat in the busy noisy city that is Delhi.	
Mar 3 2009 	Stay in Delhi	Hotel was refered to us through common friend. But before placing booking on Expedia we crosschecked the reviews and foud it very satifactory. We were picked up from Airport on request to hotel and were given room on 3rd floor as requested in mail.Hotel is central located , clean, near to metro tube station. Nearby Mcdonald was a blessing for us.Hotel Manager arranged tour for us to Agra and Jaipur.We loved to stay here and recommend it to our friends surely.	
Feb 17 2009 	Bed bugs	We stayed here for just one night prior to returning home......the whole appearance is shabby however we were not prepared for the rude awakening by the bed bugs...very large bed bugs. On complaining at the front desk we were told they'd move us the next day which was useless since we were leaving. They brought up a bug spray and 'clean' bedding which in fact looked even dirtier.No breakfast is included and to be honest I'd really have my doubts on the standard of hygiene in food preperation...therefore we did not call for any room service.Its not a cheap hotel and better can be found for the price in this area.	
Feb 14 2009 	nice clean hotel at great location	The location is very convenient for the metro - a 5 minute walk down a busy shopping street brings you to the hustle and bustle of the road where the metro station is, and then it's only 3 stops to Rajiv Chowk Connaught Place. There's an internet terminal in the lobby and wi-fi .The staff is fabulous, always eager to help and friendly I needed an Indian SIM card for my cell phone. The duty manager sent his assistant on foot at 9 pm to escort us with the necessary documents to get a card.The pickup as promised was there and were taken to the hotel which took about 30 minutes. we were greeted at the reception nicely and were checked in . All facilities were there as written in Reviews. Must Try their Breakfast in Bed!!!!!  	
Feb 4 2009 	grungy hotel	Really quite expensive for a grungy little hotel. The location is fairly central and close to the metro that's about it. The rooms look pretty tired, tv had poor reception and no complimentary breakfast. On arrival after a long trip went to get into bed but found the sheets and duvet cover were really dirty and stained. We phoned to ask for clean sheets but the sheets the staff brought up were worse than the ones already on the bed. They went through several sets of sheets looking for clean ones but found them all in a similar state with blood stains, greese spots and/or holes. They gave up after looking through several sets &amp; up and opened a brand new set for us. For IRs 2811 (approximately US $60.00) we expect clean sheets.	
Jan 26 2009 	Superbly Sited Classic	As with most travellers, we arrived in the middle of the night, so we didn't see too much. As part of our stay we arranged for the hotel to pick us up from the airport, saving a huge amount of time &amp; hassle. The next morning we found that we were in the very safe &amp; friendly Karol Bagh. The hotel itself was clean &amp; functional, nothing flash. However, what made the stay so memorable was the helpfulness of the staff and the hotel's location. Go up the street &amp; turn right and there's a very good, cheap, vegetarian restaurant. Turn left &amp; there's a 24 hour ATM that accepts foreign cards (very handy as it takes forever to change money in the bank). Go down the street &amp; you're in the thick of the Karol Bagh market where you can buy anything &amp; everything very cheaply. Turn left and the metro station is at the end of the street. From here you can see a lot of the city easily and inexpensively (11 rupees to the Red Fort).	
Jan 17 2009	Not worth it	There is nothing really wrong with this hotel but you can do better for the price.The room was clean, with TV, hot water, etc.The staff were fine - although sent me to get ripped off when buying a SIM card from their friend.Airport pick up was good but you can do it for MUCH cheaper. They charge 900 INR, when you can get there easily for 300 INR.	
Jan 16 2009 	Does not offer WiFi in the way they advertise it!	One of the reasons I liked the sound of this hotel was because of the other reviews saying the WiFi access is good.However, when I arrived they said I could only access the internet from the lobby. The lobby is very small and the only seating area is next to the reception desk, practically blocking the main thoroughfare of the hotel.This is an inconvenience, not a value add. Not at all comfortable and certainly not appropriate for any more than 5-10 min use.	
Dec 25 2008 	Clean Affordable Hotel in Bustling Delhi	Very Clean Hotel in Busting Delhi. Very Cheap and found same as given in reviws. A;port p;up OK. Staff help to guide you for city vision and Jaipur. Provided hot B;fast in Room very early morning. Very happy to book this hotel.	
Dec 22 2008 	Perfect Hotel for Our Short Visit	This is Nice Hotel in Market Place Koral Baugh. We were very worried for our agents choice of hotel before arriving India. But our worries vanished when we arrived at Hotel Classic. Agent made a perfect choice as we required clean but not costly rooms. Hotel was extremely clean. Staff was very cheerful and replied to my queries about Agra. We are a group of 7 persons came for Taj Visit. We were provided with our choice of breakfast in our bed as we did not wanted to have breakfast anywhere else. Dinner was also very good. We will visit again on our return trip.	
Nov 23 2008 	GREAT START OF TRIP!!!!!!!!!!!	Great Great Great. Our Start of Tour has been Excellent. We booked this hotel by watching reviews of this hotel. I did not expected that organising Indian tour could be so much easy. I requested Airport pickup at midnight and hotel offered pickup for US$20 instead of US$25 as listed in website. They were prompted in replying and confirming. Maduu Hotel Pickup person was waiting for us in A/C Car. Room was same as shown in website. No Carpets with Wifi at Lobby-FREE. Now at Indore I called hotel and thanked. We will definately visit hotel again on my way back to US.	
Oct 24 2008 	good hotel	I spent 3 nights in this hotel.Rooms were quite good, clean and not noisy.I would avoid room 104 and 107 on 1st floor, since they are next to some a/c machines and imagine are quite noisy.Staff was nice, spoke good english and helped me whenever i asked for.Hotel is 5 min walking from metro station.The hotel almost meets western standards and i would recommend it to a friend.	
Oct 6 2008 	Love It	Our Uncle Booked 2 Rooms for us in this hotel. Before comming here we were very afraid to travel to India due to Bombs and terrorist attacks. But for a marrige sake in Mogga(Punjab) we had to come. But we are happy that we were in safe hand of this good hotel in croweded Delhi. Pickup was excellent in Big Cab with one of hotel person standing with placard at morning odd hours. Rooms were very comfortable. Free Wifi is available at Reception area due to security reasons. Staff very helpful. We are moving today to Punjab and will be back in this hotel again next week for overnight stay.	
Sep 3 2008	An acceptable Delhi hotel	The Hotel Classic is an average mid-range hotel in the bustling Karol Bagh district. The good: - The hotel is very cheap. We paid 1500 rupees per night for a private AC room.- The room service menu (including breakfast) is very cheap for basic but tasty food. We had Indian food one night from there for dinner at it was delicious and extremely cheap.- The hotel can arrange reasonably priced transfers and pick-ups to the airport and train station (but with issues, see below)- It is only a 5 minute walk to Delhi’s excellent Metro system which can take you to Connaught Place and Old Delhi without having to sit in traffic.- The room and bathroom are clean.- The Air Con is very effective.- Laundry is reasonably priced.The not so good:- The view from the room is of another building, and is not nice at all.- The TV has only Indian channels. - The location is so-so. If you’re a white person, you stand out a bit in the very busy area of Karol Bagh.- There is no in-room safe.- The bathroom is basic (clean, though) and has no shower curtain.- We had to check out of the hotel at 3am and get to the airport quickly. I had pre-arranged a transfer with the hotel to pick us up at 3:15am, but when we came to the lobby with our bags etc there was no record of any booking being made. They were able to get us a car in ten minutes though (resplendent with totally shattered windscreen).- Hot water is sporadic so expect a few cold showers.I would not advise people against this hotel, but I don’t think I could recommend it either. I suspect there are better located, nicer hotels in Delhi. It all comes down to how much you want to spend.	
Aug 29 2008 	A most excellent starting point in India!!!!!	This hotel turned out to be the PERFECT starting point for our visit to India. Mr. Jitender made arrangements for our driver and car and also set me up with a local travel agency to make other hotel arrangements in India.There is no room for error when traveling in India...so the driver Mr. Jitender arranged for us was most important. His name was Suresh, and he was incredible. The hotel was very inexpensive by my travel standards as I am used to paying $100 to $200 per night. Classic was our first impression of India...and the staff there was friendly, warm and welcoming. As we arrived late, they even took my morning breakfast order and then delivered it to me right on time! Thank you Mr. Jitender for making our India trip a success.	
Aug 8 2008 	very helpful staff	great location, near the metro station. the room is clean and the hotel staff are very helpful,especially the manager. train,flight reservation can be made thru this hotel and the most important thing, u can chat and get informations online from the staff	
Jul 25 2008 	Clean generally acceptable room	This is an inexpensive hotel in a very crowded neighborhood that will probably be very foreign and confusing to most westerners. I stayed here for two nights upon arriving in India, and while the hotel itself is fine, above average value by Indian standards, I would advise staying at a Western hotel for a couple of days upon arrival to acclimate to India.The good: rooms are clean; I though my room smelled bad, but then I realized the problem was that my window did not shut completely, and so was letting in the smell of Delhi. Furniture is acceptable, the bed is quite comfortable, and while nothing about the room is spectacular, it is acceptable, at the level of budget accommodation in the US, and I was fine paying the posted price for the room. The airport pickup was smooth. The staff dealt with me honestly, quoting me prices for cars and services that turned out to be quite reasonable and fair. I appreciate this. One desk worker made a call in Hindi for me, which was very nice. They gave me a wakeup call (2 other places I stayed at in India forgot). There was a computer with a slow Internet connection right next to my room that I used several times, without being charged. They routed several phone calls to my room for me. The bill was handled in a straightforward, efficient manner.The bad: hot water was in and out (this was true in all of India for me), I couldn't get the cable TV to work, the driver they found for me was a dishonest shyster, as near as I could tell I was the only guest, yet there was a staff of about 10 Indians milling around the lobby at all times, which was intimidating and weird. The location, in my view, is less than ideal for a tourist, it is hard to find; at any rate, I would recommend getting a driver for the whole day and not attempting to go on foot from here. The view out my window was of a filthy courtyard, and the windows did not shut completely.This is acceptable accommodation, and while there are nicer hotels to be had for more money, if this is what fits your budget, I think you can feel good about staying there.	
May 5 2008 	Always the Best	We stayed here for 2 nights at the beginning of our holiday in India and for 2 nights at the end(now too hot to stay here), the first part in a room and the second in a suite.The suite was large, clean and quiet.The staff were courteous, obliging and quietly efficient.This was the one decent place we stayed in in India and it made a world of difference.I asked to have breakfast served in my room. Once again, no problem at all, no extra charge for the brilliant and quick room service. All in all I would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Delhi.	
Apr 30 2008 	Loved the Classic with Classic Service	Hotel has the best service you could want. They made us feel right at home, and went out of their way to supply all our needs and more. All of the staff made us feel comfortable and were very respectful. Arriving in Delhi at 10pm we got off the plane to find Madhusudan waiting for us with a welcoming smile. We found the service and the staff a delight; they did everything to make us feel at home. They indeed provided me assistance in providing air tickets to Mumbai for tomorrow without any service charge. I recommend this hotel to everyone in my friends and relatives.	
Mar 29 2008 	Peacefull Hotel in Hectic Delhi	This was the one decent place we stayed in in India and it made a world of difference. Very cool place, peaceful and stylish. Good service and not that expensive though not sure how much we paid. Its not the best value for money we have had but worth spending up for. I have now few hours to linger at Delhi Airport, so thought of posting review instead of crushing down in rush at counters.Management owner was great help in arranging tours for us.Market is just walking distance and location is Lively only drawback is traffic noice during day but as night crawls in all get smoothened up.There's a computer and desk provided in the passage area and the internet connection is good. The laundry service was also good and we had no problems with anything we got back, and thought that we probably could have trusted it with more than we did.We also hired the hotel's driver &amp; car for a few hours for some sight-seeing around Delhi and were pleased with the service.	
Mar 5 2008 	Impressed with Service	I am still staying in this hotel. Extreeeeemly clean :-). Loved thy are treating us. I must say I have travelled a lot in South East Asia this Season but the service, facilities and management is uncomarable to any 3* hotel anywhere. They kept person waiting at Airport even our flight was late almost 3hours and they didn't charge extra penny for such delay. We are here blessed with Free Wi Fi with compliments of management. Owner /Boss ?? is wonderful guy assisting our local trips with detailed maps- that too complimentry!!!!. Staff here is attentive to our calls and swing into action whenever required. Location is wonderfull- in busy busy market. Pollution -Key factor Govt should look into. Just two blocks away is metro station connecting to main city centre-CP.	
Jan 24 2008	Great little hotel	I booked this hotel for 2 nights after having seen some positive reviews on Trip Advisor. Rechecking Trip Advisor shortly before I left for Delhi I was concerned to see that subsequently a couple of very poor reviews had been posted, one of which suggested that guests had been somehow induced to write good reviews. It was therefore with some trepidation that I decided to stick with my original reservation, and in fact it was too late to cancel anyway. I am happy to report that, for me, this was an excellent choice of hotel. I thought it was full of real charm. The pre-booked transfer from the airport could not have been smoother, especially given that my flight was over 2 hours late arriving. Most of the staff were extremely helpful and friendly. I really liked the room I was given. In fact I simply cannot understand why the poor reviews were posted. Were they really staying at the same hotel? Can the other rooms really be so different in terms of cleanliness?, this would seem highly unlikely to me. Maybe the hotel has simply got its act together following the unfavourable reviews. My room was extremely clean, cosy, quiet and had everything one might need (television, fridge, telephone, writing desk, comfy chairs, extremely comfy bed). The furniture may not have been very new, but it was fine. The bathroom was also extremely clean, nothing flashy but perfectly adequate. There was also a nice roof terrace for sitting out - with the addition of some chairs and plants this could be an extremely pleasant place to lounge around for a while. Breakfast served in room also worked well. I would definitely stay here again. If you do decide to stay at this hotel, or indeed any other hotel in Karol Bagh, check out the nearby Ajmal Khan Park to see the local population enjoying all this small park has to offer.	
Jan 12 2008 	comfortable n best stay	ideally located,excellent service ,warm staff and i always make my customers stay there and all appreciate the hotel.	
Jan 5 2008 	It is OK	I chose this hotel after reading a few comments here. They were mostly right. This hotel is really OK nothing exciting but clean and the stuff was very friendly and helpful. It is situated right in the centre, which is good as well.It is a bit old-fashioned and you have a feeling that it looked good in 80's but it is a decent average hotel. No dining hall tho so you have to make sure you ask for your breakfast to delivered to your room!N.F., London	
Dec 9 2007	The Pits -- Stay Away	Do yourself a favor. Stay away from this hotel. Stay far away. We were looking for a hotel in a good location with a reasonable price, but is an undervalued diamond. We often find such hotels on TripAdvisor, and we will continue to try, but this was definitely not one of them. If anything, it was worth much less than the $50 a night we paid. The rooms were not clean. We had to ask for towels. Three or four people hung around asking for tips. Three guys carried up two bags with their hands out the whole time. And then the security guy came up to show us how to use the air conditioning so he could solicit a tip. The bedcover was filthy and my wife slept on it with her clothes on. The smell of mothballs was everywhere. We left after one night and let them keep our prepaid second night. Yuck.	
Nov 24 2007 	Old Fashioned But Not Bad for Price	Warning - we booked online via a 3rd party site and were sold a &quot;room + breakfast&quot; option. Although you can order room service, they use a good local restaurant and don't have their own kitchen or dining room, nor do they offer any kind of &quot;included&quot; breakfast with the room. So don't trust any other Web site that tells you they do.The building is fairly old, the elevator tiny, the room old fashioned. I liked it as did my husband, but I can see that an American unused to travel outside new US hotels might be a little let down. It's no worse than many places I've stayed in NYC, Rome and elsewhere of the same vintage. It was certainly clean, and the location extremely convenient to the train station and local shopping.ABSOLUTELY Do contact the hotel directly for their airport pick-up service. They'll overcharge you (you pay about double what you would if you're a good bargainer with a taxi on site) but it's stioll not that much and well worth it if you've had a long flight and get in very late at night as so many Int'l flights do. Having the taxi there with our names on a posterboard made a big difference in the insane crowd of meeters and hawkers that assault you when you walk out of the arrivals lounge.	
Nov 15 2007 	DISASTER!	After reading positive reviews on this site, I've decided to book a 4 night stay at this hotel. What a mistake! It seems that there is no logical explanation for the good reviews, except... There is a big sign in the front lobby and in the elevator, saying &quot;Post a good review about us on tripadvisor.com and you can win 2 nights free stay&quot;. Yes, those who stayed there know what I'm talking about... I have personally seen 5 different rooms in the hotel, and they all were horrible. But, that will come later. Now, I'll talk about everything as it unfolded. Nobody waited for us at the airport, despite an arranged pickup. Fine, we go out, haggle our brains out with some taxi drivers, get imho a great deal (750 INR) for a nice AC car. We get to the hotel - they have no idea about our reservation. After lots of talking and etc, they say fine, we'll give you a room to freshen up, and then we'll see. We go up to the room. I have been in many places in the world, as work and a passion for travel takes me virtually everywhere. I have not seen a DISASTER like that anywhere in the world. Literally anywhere. The room is tiny. Dirty. Cramped. Smells like HELL. The bathroom is worse than a public toilet in a Moscow road underpass (or the subway for that matter). And it's really hard to beat a public toilet in a Moscow road underpass. I get upset and go downstairs to talk to the concierge. He says, that he doesn't really understand what my problem is. An Australian fellow overhears our conversation, and starts talking to me. Turns out to be my colleague, in town for the same reason as we are, with another colleague of his own. They've booked 2 rooms, arrived late at night, so they had no choice. They are shocked as well, despite this being far from their first visit to India. Together, we started looking for a new hotel. As we walk back upstairs, I see a cleanup operation in progress for one of the rooms (the door is open). 3 guys, with dirty rags, are busy smearing dirt around the room, instead of cleaning it. One guy, whacking the headboard of a bed (yes, whacking) with his dirty rag, will remain etched in my memory for a long time. Long story short, I got a second room. A higher end one. Yes, it was bigger than my co-worker's. Smelled a little better (still horrible). The washroom though - same story. Anyhow, we had to stay there for 2 nights, after which we moved to Sri Nanak Continental. Look it up, if you care to read my review about it. Bottom line - STAY AWAY from this place and from Channa Market in general. If you can, avoid Karol Bagh too. Not everyone can afford that, though. A couple of additional points: 1. One of our Indian colleagues went upstairs with us, on the night of our first day. He told us, that this hotel is considered to be ok/nice for an average middle class family in India. In other words, I guess it seems bad only to westerners. 2. I got to meet the owner of the hotel, on the second day. He felt genuinely chagrined by my unhappiness. He spent a while talking to me, gave us a duffel bag with the hotel logo as a gift (didn't really want to take it, but my colleague wanted it). He also forgave us some of the additional charges (water and etc). I mean it was for a laughable amount of 90 INR, but it's the effort that counts.	
Nov 15 2007 	It's New Delhi	Above average compared to other New Delhi moderately priced hotels. If possible, call direct to book--much cheaper. Everything worked; A/C, TV, fan, hot water. Asked for and received fresh towels when necessary. Tip everyone that helped you during your stay on the way out.	
Sep 17 2007 	Bit of culture shock	This was a good hotel (with air conditioning and a back up generator). Delhi can be quite a shock to the system but this was a nice oasis. The metro was very close and easy to use. The rooms were clean and the front desk staff spoke English.	
Mar 23 2007 	Likely the best you'll find -- walk to shopping 	This is a decent hotel in the heart of the shopping district (walk 1/2 block from the hotel and you're on the main street). We stayed at this hotel for several days on two separate occassions and we did notice a big difference between the first floor and the third floor rooms -- third floor is much nicer and quieter. For the price, it's about the best you can find in Delhi, and the location is great for shopping. Also walking distance (about 3 blocks) to a GREAT restuarant -- Udupi (its clean, cheap, and great South Indian food!!). On the down side, the doormen were the lasiest I've seen anywhere, but the management seemed very nice.	
Sep 17 2008	Hotel très symptahique		
Aug 5 2008 	Service très attentionné		
