Nov 17 2009 	Hazzle Free stay	Telephone booking is always confirmed whenever I have stayed here. Check-in is smooth. Sevice is good. Breakfast is always complimentary which is a plus.	
Sep 14 2009 	Dont stay here cheap but definitely not cheerful.....	We chose this hotel after hours of searching on the internet and reading in books as there is so much choice in Delhi, and we definitely made the wrong choice in many ways. We were only in Delhi for the night as we were flying out to Kathmandu the following morning, and this hotel served its purpose but thats as far as it went.Good - The location is pretty good for the centre of Delhi but is way too far away from the airport - The bedroom was a good size and contained 1 double bed and 1 single, along with a table and TVBad - The hotel offered a free pick-up from the airport but we couldnt manage to get through to them to arrange one. They refused to pay for our taxi when we arrived, and also refused to take us back to the airport the following morning to compensate - The room was very dingy even for night time - The room was very dirty and there were flies and even a cockroach in the bathroom - The area immeiately around the hotel was not very nice and you wouldnt want to venture out the hotel at nightOverallIt may be very hard to rate a hotel when you have been there less than 12 hours but this place is simply awful. It may be cheap compared to a lot of choices in Delhi, but there's a reason for that. Pay a little more and get a better place.	
Aug 5 2009 	Hotel ok but...	The hotel is ok as backpacker hotel. The staff is very nice and helpful. BUT be careful not to accept any extra service from this hotel. The hotel offered us to get a taxi for the airport and charged us RS 900 which is what you normally pay for renting the car for a whole day. A prepaid taxi will cost RS 250, Later we learned that the hotel had asked the driver to pay them the tip we had given him, and they told him that we had not payed for the trip in advance. That made us very angry and we shall never recommend this hotel to anyone.	
May 21 2009 	QUICK SWITCH TO A FLEAPIT HOTEL	This hotel did not honour our booking through Hotels.com on 17 – 20 April 2009. We were travelling with two children, one 3.5 and the other 18 months. We arrived in Delhi at 2 am in the morning of 18 April (the booking was for the night of 17 April). We caught a Delhi Traffic Police controlled prepaid taxi from the airport to the address provided with the booking receipt. The taxi driver could not find the address and took us at 3:30 am to a ‘tourist office’/ travel agent. The travel agent rang the hotel and my husband spoke to the hotel reception, who claimed that the hotel was full, and that we should make our way to the sister hotel – Hotel Ivory Palace in Karol Bagh, New Delhi. At this hour of the morning and with two children, we had no choice. The Hotel Ivory Palace can best be described as a flea pit. We subsequently found out through a travel agent that the room that we were provided was worth $29 AUD or about 1000 INR. We had paid for a super deluxe room (their premium room) with separate bed and a cot for the children at $67.00 AUD a night (2345 INR). We were provided with a room that had:· One bed for all four of us and when we complained an extra mattress was thrown on the floor· Unclean bedding· A hot water system that did not work and after repeated complaints it was fixed on the last day· Strong kerosene odour for the entire duration of our stay· No ‘premium bedding and pillows’· No clock radio· No coffee and tea making facilities· No complimentary newspapers· No housekeeping for all the days we were there· No in-room safe· No refrigerator· No rollaway bedsThe Hotel Ivory Palace was not close to Connaught Place or the railway station, which the Hotel Balaji purports to be. This was the reason I had chosen to book it. We tried phoning the Hotel Balaji Deluxe in the following days, but we could not get through on the number provided on the booking sheet. After unsuccessful attempts to get through to the hotel, we decided that it was a short stay and we should devote our energy to seeing Delhi and getting organised for the next part of our holiday. There was obviously a connection between the two hotels as the Hotel Ivory Palace was happy to take our booking sheet as proof of payment. Our feeling is that if the Hotel Balaji could not accommodate us, they should be obliged to provide an equivalent or superior standard of accommodation, as opposed to the significantly inferior option we were given. The only recompense we received after several complaints was that our room service breakfasts were covered by the hotel (Approx 450 INR). We feel extremely ripped off by the experience. I was trusting that Hotels.com is a reputable booking service and maybe we should have paid more attention to the review “DEN OF THIEVES – RUN FOR YOUR LIFE” on Trip Advisor, as they document the sort of contempt that the Hotel Balaji has for guests booking and prepaying over the internet.	
Apr 18 2009 	Budget Hotel	This hotel is one of the small hotels located in crammed up localities of Old Delhi.It is recommended if money and price are a issue for you.	
Mar 28 2009 	It is worthy to go	Good place, only several minutes from New Delhi railway station. Marble floor, the staff is nice, asked me for water several times, but finally charge me 50Rs, it's OK. The room is clean, and the hotel price is reasonable cheap!	
Dec 30 2008 	Den of theives! RUN FOR YOUR LIFE!	We booked a suite thru expedia, selecting the hotel based on its free airport pick up advertised. We arrived at midnight, no one was there. We called and eventually we were met by their employee who got us a cab. Certainally we could have walked thru the doors &amp; got a fixed cab ourselves. The driver got lost. Eventually we arrived, gave our itinerary # and we given a small room. We said ours was a suite (2 adults, 1 kid) the clerk waved expedia papers he possed in our faces and said that was our room. No problem, we would get is sussed out in the morning, I was too tired to argue. We showed our papers in the am, the manager said the clerk had bad eyesite. We we upgraded to a slightly larger room. I overlooked the construction, painting in the lobby the luke warm hot water, the roach, filthy blankets I dare not use, all to check out....where the clerk insisted on paying for the lift from the airport. (2x the amount we would have paid if we got the taxi ourselves) I said it was included, and I paid for a suite for 2 nites &amp; only got one, lets call it even. No, he said. Expedia charged us too little, we should not have gotten what we paid for.After 1/2 hour and 2 failed called to expedia (disconnected) I paid as not to miss my connection. So I paid twice the amount for a room and 2x the amount for the taxi. ....and had a lousey stay. Back in Delhi staying at a much much better hotel for hte same cost. Avoid the Balaji unless you want to get riped off deluxe.	
