	average	it is average and not very popular it can be good,but better options are there.	
	Comfortable for Business	I stayed at the hotel on business for 4 nights, which was my first stay in India. Although the hotel has only recently opened, most facilities appeared to be working well and the staffs were plentiful and very prompt and helpful. The choice of eating was limited to just the one (excellent) restaurant.	
Nov 26 2009 	“Remarkable Service”	We are natively Indian origin but born and brought up in California. When our parents decided for a trip to india. I and my sister ware little hesitant as we have seen few movies like the “Slumdog” and were so confused about the palace and india. We wanted to stay in delhi only for the week and a day trip to agra. We were picked up on time, the reception even helped us to get the mishandled baggage. We impressed with their knowledge of English. We travelled delhi, agra and jaipur with their assistance. There hotels at all the places were excellent. The hotel just has one bad thing that is location but as you get in there it is right.ThanksJ. Desuza &amp; family.	
Nov 25 2009 	TheGamePlay	This hotel was situated in Karol Bagh. The hotel Staff was badly trained and always try to cheat and on first night they stole my watch from my bag. I was scaring and feeling unsafe there. As I have to stay 5 nights so I change my program and shifted to another hotel in karol bagh. I recommend others to avoid this place.	
Nov 24 2009 	Really We Enjoy With This Service	I had the pleasure of staying at this hotel for two weeks. This hotel is simply the best in delhi - Service: - the service is professional and totally client-oriented. Cleanliness and Hygiene: - the hotel is literally spotless. From the sheets to the seats on the rooftop terrace, everything is squeaky clean. Quality: - the food prepared is delicious. Facilities: - I had the pleasure of inaugurating the newly renovated room. In keeping with the rest of the hotel, the service is professional, value-for-money, clean and deeply pleasing.	
Nov 23 2009 	“Right Choice”	We booked 2 rooms for 4 days via internet. Satisfied with the services and room. Basic clean rooms and good staff.	
Nov 22 2009 	Useless hotel	Only the good thing was this hotel that near to markets Karol Bagh and other good hotels where we get better hotel on cheaper than hotel raunak. Staff was badly trained to provide hassles by scaring the tourist from outside travel agent and other hotels. Staff were the liers never faith them and I recommend others to avoid this place.	
Nov 20 2009 	“ All went well”	1 picking up on time2 giving sooth check in3 Good room4 Good Breakfast5 Good Location near market6 Good staffOverall all went well	
Nov 19 2009 	Ok Hotel Little Hotel	It’s a beautiful nice hotel, good services and comfortable stay.	
Nov 19 2009 	Good Value and Excellent Location	Marvelous location to all of the shopping in the area and easy access to Delhi to travel around. Great price for great location. just rite outside of hotel are the few tea house. Room is clean and nice, big enough to lay your luggage on the floor for packing. Towels change everyday with nicely clean up in the room. Guess they have done something to the clear windows from bathroom after some reviews previously which currently allow some privacy if you are traveling with friends. The hotel lobby is equipped with computers for your use that are at no cost, very friendly staffs. Everyone are so friendly, even the cleaner who clean the room. They greeted us with smiles which makes your day.	
Nov 17 2009 	“Thank You”	The reception on check in told us that they book train trips also on good cheap and we arranged one meeting in evening. I went with my husband to Connaught place and met a man in restaurant who speaks good French. After some time when we told about our plans he offered to take us to his friend’s office (travel agent) to give us good package, he also paid for our coffee. We paid 1500 Euros for the tour and came out but later realized that we paid almost the double for trip. My husband wanted to go back to France and said. India is all cheater. I told reception about this and they asked their manager to come. He helped us a lot and coved this cheater to give our money back; I must thank them for all their help. Now we know that not every body is bad. Hotel is good, best is staff that helps you out of the way	
Nov 14 2009 	Smiling Faces	My first visit to India and stayed only I Delhi. This hotel offers youa family kind of stay. They don’t charge you for tea and breakfast isavailable even if I get up at 12 noon. Thank you, I will be back soon.	
Nov 13 2009 	Good Design	The architecture is good from every room you can see reception. Quiet airy and clean hotel.(Area though not so good). Good for stay, comfortable.	
Nov 12 2009 	My Home in Delhi	I visit Delhi quiet frequently and I can’t think of any other place tostay except Hotel Raunak Plaza. The ambiance, fecilities,service and the staffs are so nice that I feel like being at home.Located at the heart of Delhi, near to Metro station and close toshopping arcades makes my stay more convenient. Thanks for yourhospitality.	
Nov 8 2009 	Good Service 	The room was clean, the food was delicious. They offered a breakfastwhich was including in my rent in my room as I was feeling lazy to goto restaurant. I was given a feeling that I am important in my overallstay.	
Nov 7 2009 	SATISFIED CUSTOMER	We had a wonderful stay in Raunak Plaza Hotel for 3 days, they alsogave us complimentary CITY TOUR. Every morning hot breakfast on rooftop restaurant. Indian masala Tea in their restaurant was our favoritemay be I had tasted during my stay.	
Nov 6 2009 	Nice Hotel in Budget Price	The hotel is located in karol bagh, of New Delhi. This hotel was comfortable, pleasant, and had all the necessary amenities; it's very well connected to all means of Transportation. Good hotel with good service. The staff was very helpful.	
Oct 30 2009 	budget palace in a busy city	Great budget palace with good service. The rooms are well equipped but on the small side. cozy interiors make you comfortable in the rooms. all the necessary amenities are at available, great reastaurant and nice food makes everyone happy. Convenient drop at the airport with a smiling face.	
Oct 26 2009 	Traditional Budget Palace	the ruanak plaza hotel is excellent property. the location in new delhi is unbeatable. After a full day of wandering around the Delhi, it is a pleasure to walk into the beautiful and good air conditioned lobby of the raunak plaza. The flowers in the lobby are amazing! The staff is great, security is very tight	
Oct 18 2009 	my pleasent stay at raunak in delhi	in july i went to delhi to participate in one of the business quizzes organized by iipm there.one of my friends advised me to stay at this hotel thanks to his earlier experience.i went there with some apprehensions but the hotel was really magnificent.all the fooding,lodging n staaf level facilities were excellent and i enjoyed there a lot...a special mantion for the managerial staff there at the hotel.they were very warm,gentle n co-operative......thumbs up to this place	
Oct 11 2009 	Palace in Budget Price	The Raunak Plaza New Delhi Located in the heart of the city, the hotel offers single rooms, double rooms and suites that are spacious and have all the modern amenities. The hotel is near the railway station which is convenient.the room was elegant decor and a warm hospitality, the Hotel rauank plaza New Delhi welcomes you for an unforgettable vacation.	
Oct 10 2009 	thank you	Dear manager of Raunak Plaza hotel We were your Iranian passenger in last weeks for 10 days. We came back to our country. This is a thanks letter for your good services, clean beautiful hotel, and kindly behavior of you and your employers. It is clear that we will offer your hotel to our friends in future and will stay ourself to your hotel if we come back to INDIA. Best regards, Dr. Kamran Asgari Poor Dr. Mehdi Nouri Dr. Sima Reza Zadeh Dr. Sina Mahjour  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------Kamran Asgari Poor(MD). M.U.O.Hkamranha@yahoo.comTEHRAN,&quot;DEHKADEYE OLYMPIC&quot;RESRTICTED SURGERY COMMUNITY CENTER	
Oct 2 2009 	Unforgettable day of the week	I have found it stand at a good location in Karol Bagh , New Delhi. All the services are Speedily available by the hotel staff and also this Plaza provides good services at the cheap cost..	
Sep 25 2009 	Unforgetable trip	i came here with my husband. the hotel is like a palace, food quality was very hyginic, i impress there with cleaness of hotel. my husband was very happy becouse he find there high speed internet Y Fi. the hostel is closed to shopping market. i want go there again with my husband. we feel very comfort there.	
Jul 22 2009 	A Place Feel Welcome	A very pleasant budget-priced hotel for the midrange traveller. It has a good location close to shopping streets, two minutes from the Karol Bagh metro train station; and is nestled in a quiet back street away from traffic noise. The rooms are comfortable and clean, with overhead fans and the obligatory air-conditioners (if only through-the-wall models). The staff are attentive and very accommodating, no doubt led in that example by Mr. Dua, the Raunak's avuncular hotel manager. He made me and my partner very welcome and did everything to make our stay as pleasant as possible. I met the hotel owners who were similarly inclined toward their guests - in particular the very personable Pushpa, who went out of her way to organise our train journey around the North of India. She dedicated a good amount of time organising hotels and train bookings, ever mindful of our need to keep costs down. As a result, we had an adventurous whistle-stop tour, trouble-free thanks to her efforts. I would recommend the hotel to anyone, and both my partner and I thank all the staff for treating us like special guests.	
May 7 2009 	Home Away from Home	Items were well placed although room was a bit small/ It was extremely clean and bathrooms were really sparkling clean. Will definitely come back to stay in this beautiful boutique hotel. The owners and staff were very attentive to our needs and will go the extra mile to keep us comfortable. A well run Hotel.I had a wonderful driver who was extremely pleasant and knowledgeable. Thank you for a beautiful stay to Pushpa and Mr J.P Singh	
Feb 17 2009	Excellant place to stay	I came to a hotel through travel agent in delhi. When i reach the hotel got a warm welcome from the friendly front office staf. I was charged 50us$ and the room given was very good. I am very pleased with the hotel. It is simple, and for youth hostel it is excellent. The staff is super friendly, and very helpful. I appreciated that I was able to communicate with the staff prior to my coming to India, and the staff went above.I am very pleased with the hotel. It is simple, and for youth hostel it is excellent. The staff is super friendly, and very helpful. I appreciated that I was able to communicate with the staff prior to my coming to India, ....Close	
Feb 12 2009 	Terrible expirience!!!!	What ever happens, do not book this hotel. This is a terrible hotel and would never stay there again, even if it was free. We arrived at this hotel, which is set in one of the backstreets of Delhi. The location of this hotel was set in the middle of a local shopping complex, and the photos advertised did not at all reflect the hotel. The staff at Raunak Plaza, were what I could best describe as a amateurs and had no training in how to treat guests or run a hotel which made my wife feel really uncomfortable, they could hardly speak a word of English. The hotel is effectively still a building site. We booked on the basis that it was a new hotel, and all facitilies would be comfortable and clean. It was less than uncomfortable. The rooms were dirty with damp on the walls, and for a new hotel, the place was pretty much falling apart. The other problems were that due to the building work, and the surrounding area where the hotel was there was ton of Mosquitoes and constant noise day and night. We asked to change rooms 3 times, due to the fungi growing on the floor and walls, and the uncleaniness. The shower water flooded the entire bathroom.The hotel was advertised with a Rooftop Terrace and restaurant, when we arrived, this was still being built, the service advertised was not there. The hotel building work meant the drilling and the work started at 5am in the morning, and continued until 22.00pm at night. We ordered some coffee from room service whilst we were there, and once we finished drinking we asked the room service to come and collect it, they came, and took it out of our room, and left it outside our front door for the whole of the next day. Fly's were swarming the tray.The hot water in the hotel was non-exisitent. After a long flight, we wanted to have a shower and freshen up, but had to wait nearly 2 hours after constant complaining to reception and still had no hot water, so we ended up with cold showers. The very next day we decided to check out, we left at 6.30am, there was no hot water to have a shower in the morning. When checkout time came, we went downstairs to reception, and the staff were sleeping in the lobby of the hotel, there was nobody to serve us, and when we woke one of them up, he got out of his &quot;sleeping bag&quot;, and with a terrible appearence served our check out. We checked out after one day, and sacrifised the cost. Please check out our photos first. Many other guests in the hotel, which we spoke to voiced the same concerns.	
Nov 15 2009 	nuestro hogar en delhi		
Oct 10 2009 	Gutes Hotel in Shopping Aerea		
