Nov 22 2009 	We Enjoyed the trip	It was an excelent hotel and the food was also good. There were Swiming pool and spa facility were excelent. It was well maintained. We got hair hair cut from Silvi. The room was awesome. It was in a posh area. Lobby is very good. Garden were very well maintained.	
Nov 21 2009 	Delhi belly	Good service, nice and clean.&quot;Too much&quot; attention sometimes from service staff.Nice with gym inside the hotel.	
Nov 20 2009 	Not what I expected	The room service staff are friendly and eager to please but if you don't keep the privacy button on they knock in the hope of tips! The reception staff were rude and unhelpful on every occasion Buffet restaurant is just indian food and no variety.surrounding area verry dirty	
Nov 15 2009 	The Crowne Plaza Delhi is 5 Star Deluxe Hotel located in the heart of New Delhi	The Crowne Plaza Delhi is 5 Star Deluxe Hotel located in the heart of New Delhivery very good arragment ....	
Oct 17 2009 	capital stay	cozy interiors make you comfortable in the rooms. all the necessary amenities are at available, great reastaurant and nice food makes everyone happy. Convenient drop at the airport with a smiling face.	
Oct 7 2009 	Appalling Food	I lived n Delhi or a year and have to return once a month flying in from Mumbai. I have tried several hotels and this is without doubt the worst food I have eaten in any hotel in any capital, the breakfast was so bad it defies description vegetarian omellete with bacon in it, uncooked eggs served as an omellette, hairs on the food, so bad we left without eating. Room service, we ordedred a salad wth bread ad they were 3 potato crisps, inedible! Therooms were ok but small. Stay if you are desperate foor a room, otherwise avoid at all costs	
Oct 5 2009 	Don't eat here!	Overall the hotel is nice, the room is comforable and clean and serviced well. The room service staff are friendly and eager to please but if you don't keep the privacy button on they will knock frequently in the hope of tips! The reception staff were rude and unhelpful on every occasion I needed to speak wih them. Haven't tried the pool but it looks well maintained and relaxing. My main complaint is the food. The breakfast offer is terrible - cheap nasty cereals, runny porridge, runny yoghurt, runny scrambled egg that was white!! Mini single serving pots of jam on the tables were already used! And worst of all a curly black hair on the overcooked greasy bacon. The room service is prompt but never seemed to come with everything described on the menu and was generally cold and greasy. The Chinese restaurant on the top floor wasn't too bad but nothing to shout about. Overall, not impressed for a hotel of this standard. I stayed at the Intercontinental last time I was here on business and would rather stay there next time.	
Sep 29 2009 	Quiet hotel in a busy city	It was our first time in India and at a Crowne Plaza hotel. We were not disappointed in our choice. On arrival everything during registration was completed while we had a cold drink. Our room overlooked the pool and entrance to the hotel. The room was quite large with a very welcome fridge, there were always bottles of water on our return every day.The Atrium bar is lovely and quiet but like everywhere in India expensive. The first night we ate in the hotel, think it was called Le Cafe, it is where the breakfasts are served, we did not have the buffet although it looked very good. Breakfast was excellent, the best we had during our tour.We ate a a Chinese not too far from the hotel and felt perfectly safe walking around. During our stay in April the pool was very cold but the pool area was pleasant.Would recommend this hotel if you want to stay away from the very busy city. My only negative would be the price of using the business centre to access the Internet, very expensive.Staff were polite and helpful.	
Aug 11 2009 	Beautiful	LIke most 5* hotels in India, this is a great stay. Great staff, food and entertainment. The pool is amazing also. You can rent a driver and car and tour around Delhi, which is amazing. It was my birthday when we booked in and as you have to give your passport they saw the date and arrived up to my room with a birthday cake, present and flowers. Staff are amazing and add a very personal touch to everything.	
Aug 8 2009	Crowne Plaza - Should first learn the meaning of Hospitality!!!	Before venturing into hospitality industry......i suggest you learn the meaning of the word Hospitality......Crowne Plaza should make sure that the staff &quot;Does not Humiliate and Insult&quot; its guests.Learn the Basics before even thinking of running a hotel....	
Jul 16 2009 	Exceeded Expectations Almost	We were at this hotel for only two days. The service was way above standard for India, about average by Canadian standards. The rooms were the cleanest of anywhere we stayed in India and it was a treat to stay somewhere where there were no major upkeeps needed- rare it seems in Delhi. The food was average in the restaurant, but the service was quick. In fact, the room service was above average. They delivered to us outside of hours and within minutes. The only problem we had was at check out. We had booked through Travelocity which charged our Visa two months in advance, so we had already paid. They charged us again at check out, so we were double charged. The gentleman at the front desk said that travelocity only held the room, which I knew was not true. We are currently working with travelocity to receive a refund for the first charge.	
Jul 5 2009 	Only So-So; Should be Improved	I was here for a week-plus. The hotel was booked by local colleagues for its location to the office, and sort-of-good facilities. It was only a fair stay all around.My room on the 6th floor was small and cramped feeling, as was the bathroom. All of the typical business-class hotel amenties are there: ironing board, TV, bathroom toiletries, internet access, etc. Housekeeping was fine, but the room is starting to feel worn.We ate in every retaurant in the hotel since our days were very long we were too tired to venture out much. While none of them were bad, none of the restaurants were particularly good, either. The restaurant on the top floor that had some Thai AND Italian items on the menu (not a good sign) played dorkey 80's music at dinner. I recommend that you explore the area for dining, ask for recommendations outside the hotel, etc. if you have the energy. The price/value will also be better, I'm sure.The staff are well-meaning and try hard, but are not polished. Better training would help as you can tell they are trying to please -- it's not an attitude problem.The pool looks nice, but I had no time for it.The surrounding area is not that attractive, but partly that's Delhi, i.e. trash everywhere, traffic, no sidewalks, etc.So: the stay was not a disaster, but I'll try to stay elsewhere when back in Delhi. India has traditionally not welcomed international investment in infrastructure, and it shows in the price/value of the available hotels. But there are better in town.(Filed for my husband - he won't get his own account.)	
Jun 21 2009 	Could be better	was there with some business partners from Japan, overall OK but for the kind of charges they have it cld have been better, they have customised services for japanese guests like TV channels, breakfast in japanese style etc. Food is not too great for the kind of money they charge, better to eat out in the shopping arcade outside the hotel	
Jun 19 2009	Extravagant party	The staff at the Crowne Plaza Hotel New Delhi is outstanding. I had price issues with our first night stay. The hospital that booked us waited to long to get the lower price rooms. I was forced into the higher price and didn' t know until check out. We paid and went on to the hospital where I was admitted. One of the managers came to the hospital to speak with us. I was impressed. We went back after I left the hospital. Room was lovely. Used hotel guide/driver for 3 days. Awesome! He made our trip! Service slow in main restaurant and food not to our liking. The Japanese restaurant was awesome!	
Jun 10 2009 	Good quality and reasonable value	I've stayed in the Crowne Plaza, Friend's Colony, Delhi on many trips. The property is large and well-appointed if not particularly attractive to look at fomr the exterior.The rooms are comfortable and clean. The food is good and room service very efficient. In some areas the property is beginning to look a little tired/out of date but that is a minor observation. The location is handy for New Delhi and anyone travelling/working across south Delhi/Noida. It's in a peaceful, upmarket suburb. The gym is modern, well-equipped and well-managed and the pool is popular. The property attracts large up-market groups of tourists, local business-types, flashy parties and business travellers. At the time of writing (June 2009) the room rates are competitive but as always everything else (e.g. laundry/food/wi-fi) is comparatively expensive.	
Jun 8 2009 	Loved the Ambience	I had an opportunity to visit new delhi recently and to stay at crowne plaza , new delhi. At the ist sight of the hotel , i was excited and knew that I had made the right choice. Check in was really easy, with cooperative staff. The room was very good and exactly as promised on the hotel website. The stay was for 2 days but I extented it for a day to enjoy the hospitality for a bit longer. In short, it was worth it.	
Jun 6 2009 	lovely rooms	Surya has large and spacious rooms.the food is excellent.the front office staff is very efficient but not well groomed.the hotel building is not very beautiful but it`s quiet functional.location is good too, considering the size of delhi.	
Jun 3 2009 	Good for business	five star hotelgood for official partieslocated in posh south delhicentral location in southgood servicegood food	
Jun 3 2009 	Quite contemporary	nice and cozy environment! had a one night stay....the room was quite contemporary.. floor 3/ regular twin bed room!nice breakfast, great room service... bathroom fitted with latest amenities...defintely a recommend for any frequent travellers!	
May 31 2009	LOVED THE CONVENIENCE	Most covenient as regards the location , my office being on one of the floors of the hotel building itself.The hotel has all the faclities required to unwind post the day's work with a courteous staff to guide and assist with.Finally to end the day , the chinese is absolutely delicious.One step more to relax , the shopping arcade is reasonably priced and shopkeepers open to negotiation so one can get a steal.	
May 29 2009 	Standard business class hotel	Sufficiently impressive for a hotel of its star rating, but nothing makes this hotel stand out from its competitors. The location is so-so, and the surrounding area less accomodating to intrepid guests than other parts of the city.	
May 27 2009 	Poor value	In my experience the two superior hotel chains in the Intercontinental group - Intercontinental and Crowne Plaza - play weather-man and woman on pricing but Intercontinental is consistently superior on quality. This was certainly borne out by my experience here. This time around Crowne Plaza was a tad more expensive (for which read extortionate; this is Delhi, after all) than the admirable Nehru Place Intercontinental (full, alas) but some way behind on quality. The walls of the 'executive lounge' appear to have been painted by the same five year old responsible for the grouting around the shower!	
May 25 2009 	nice place worth a visit	nice place, nice membership benefitsclean, all facilities, centraly located.nice bufffets and everything u think is above normal grade.worth a visit really	
May 21 2009 	Great Hotel Poor service	The hotel did a very poor job of organizing the leisure package that I had selected. Even after talking to the resident Manager Mr Rehman, they did not address the matter. Very poor service for what the charges are. The room are well done and the restaurants &amp; spa area is very modern. Highly recommend the ayurvedic massage. Not very sure about service and quality since rates are equivalent to dollar standards but service is not.	
May 9 2009 	Only Price	If you are just looking for a good hotel just to stay for a couple of days. This hotel is a good choice.Just expect a decent Room adn nothing else including service	
May 3 2009	A great place to stay if you have the misfortune of being in Delhi	Let's face it, New Delhi is not the greatest place to stay in what is the wonderful country of India. Sure, it's convenient for Aggra and as a brief stop-off before going to the North, but not really a great destination in it's own right. Anyhow, if you do happen do be in New Delhi (I was for 8-days on business April 2009) then I certainly recommend the Crowne Plaza. The rooms are excellent by any country's standards, and the staff are friendly and good fun if you make the effort to talk with them. The restuarants are pretty good (although sometimes a little pricey for what you get) and the bar is functional enough, although like others have said, lacking a bit in atmosphere. What really stands out at the Crowne Plaza Delhi is the excellent Gym and Spa. I used the gym every day I was there, followed by a sauna and swim. No charges, this is complimentary and of the highest quality. I paid 800rupees for a great shoulder and back massage too. The area that the hotel is placed in (New Friends Colony) is pretty crappy, but then again, where exactly is nice in Delhi? There are brief power cuts every day (but you have to expect this) but the gym treadmills are not affected by this!! The only downside for business stay as far as I was concerned is the slow internet connection which was pretty much non-functioning for the entire time I was there. Anyway, highly recommended hotel, especially for business - a bit of an oasis in Delhi!	
May 2 2009 	excellent place	Its an excellent hotel... Stayed there many a times on official visit... Excellent ambience, service, location	
May 1 2009 	Good Hotel For Business Traveller	A good-quality business hotel in a convenient location with good dining options.	
Apr 28 2009 	Don't stay there!	We had three separate one night stays here during a tour in India.Night 1- we were put in a disabled room, not ideal as we are both able bodied, but as only one night we put up with it.Night 2-we arrived early evening and when we switched on the lights some worked, some didn't, the TV and air con did not work. The electrician arrived quickly but by then we had been allocated what was supposed to be a premium room and as the paperwork had been completed we moved.( we had originally had a superior room). The smell of urine hit you as you walked into the room, we quickly realised that it was coming from the air con. By now it was getting late to eat so we again thought , only one night we will leave the air con off.Night 3- we arrived 11.00 pm. This room again smelled of urine but was superior room on the 2nd floor, again the air con was the problem, as all we wanted to do was sleep we left the air con off.The reception area was pleasant, some of the staff were surly others OK.Restaurant overpriced and staff not particularly helpful.Business centre charge for 30mins minimum for use of computer - £7.50 on current exchange rate.Would never recommend this hotel.	
Apr 28 2009 	Loved the hotel	The hotel is extremely good. Rooms are lavish and beautiful. I liked the hotel rooms the most.See the room photograph below.	
Apr 27 2009 	Clean hotel but looking tired	This hotel is fine for business - not too expensive but rooms getting a bit shabby and tired,the hotel gym is small and smelly and is crowded as everyone gets there at the same time after work and your better in doing an early morning workout before you start work.food is apalling and the choice of western food is disappointing. Sister hotel Intercontinental has fresh bread compared to the crowne plaza food.found the staff helpful, but dont seem to remember regular faces.	
Apr 21 2009 	loved the stay	it was a very good and restful stay in the hotel	
Apr 21 2009 	Good value for money	The hotel is well appointed in ambience, facilities and service.	
Apr 20 2009 	Value for Money	Excellent location, warm welcome and Great food. This hotel, perhaps is the best in Delhi for business travellors. well connected to delhi and neihghbouring states UP, Haryana etc. The Shopping arcade &amp; food courts adjacent to the Hotel is the best. Very spacious lobby too, Rooma are big and has excellent view.	
Apr 18 2009 	Crown Plaza-Always a pleasure	Crown Plaza in Delhi is always a great pleasure to stay in. It has good restaurant, good rooms and good location.	
Apr 18 2009 	Excellent for a long business stay	I stayed here for almost 3 months. The hotel is one of the best that I have come across in New Delhi. It has all the modern amenities that are required for a business hotel. The property is crunched for space, but that does not make the place less attractive. The food is very good, variety is low but access to resteraunts in the shopping center next door makes up for this. The fare has risen in the last few months, but corporates do tend to get attractive discounts especially for long stays.	
Mar 22 2009 	Crowne Plaza Delhi is way better than what you get in the States	After and exhausting day touring Delhi it was nice to get some peace and quiet. The restaurant and bar were very nice, but really expensive. The breakfast buffet was really good, everything is geared toward Japanese and Western tourists. The service is amazing and rooms were very comfortable.	
Dec 21 2008 	Reasonable business stay - India style	After 4 visits to Delhi, this has become my hotel of choice three different times- due to my company budget policy- around $200.The recent Indian currency depreciation helped- so 9,000-10,000 rp now translates to just $200 vs. over $250 6 months ago.Positive:Hotel management responded to my complaint- at the manager's reception I was upgraded to club room with less noise.Certain issues:1. Short power outage, happens several times a day, even in the lobby- after terror attacks, I was kind of alerted.2. Avoid connecting room- noise from neighboring room is too loud- I heard the cough next door all night long the first night.3. Flush noise from toilet- you are out of luck everytime your neighbor flush the toiletIt is really important you know which room to check-in, completely different experience.....Food: Chinese restaurant serves typical European-Chinese food, not interesting for Asians, especially Chinese people at all. Tried once reluctantly after invited by fellow Western travellers. Chef was trained by Chinese chef before.Indian food- 'seven' is great- my favorite : Prawn CurryNew club room is okay with flat screen, which visually enlarged the room. Better than InterContinental Grand, feel safer than Le Meridien.... Payment- be careful about DCC conversion, which adds 2-3% on your bill in $. Took me several months to ontain refund , check clearly when sign, insist on paying in local currency.Location is not ideal- only close to Humanyun's Tomb and Purana Qila, good to visit, plus Lodhi Garden for a relaxed afternoon- no way to get a taxi back....	
Nov 22 2008 	Nice hotel poor location	Decent typical international chain hotel with large, clean and well equipped bedrooms and bathrooms. Nice bar and restaurants. There was a Goan promotion at the Seven Restaurant during my visit and the food and ambience was excellent. The main problem is the location, with nothing to attract close by except for a large shopping complex. The surroinding area is quite filthy and the hotel is some distance from both the cultural centre of Delhi and the international airport (over half an hour - a full hour in busy periods - from each).	
Oct 28 2008 	Good hotel for a busy city	Hotel rooms in India are expensive but in this hotel you receive exactly what you need after a busy day in the city (clean rooms, bathroom, comfortable bed, international TV channels, internet, etc). The food of the Indian restaurant in the hotel is very good. The buffet breakfast has a lot of choices both asian and western.The restaurant staff was very friendly.	
Oct 1 2008	Very Comfortable	Anyone who has been to Delhi knows that it's hectic...well this hotel will give you a pleasant retreat.All the staff were very helpful and courteous and even those you just passed in a hallway would always smile and say hello. The cleanliness was good in the rooms and around the hotel. I only noticed an odd smell once lurking about the hallways on my floor and I couldn't decide if it was a rather unpleasant cleaning fluid, something more human or a mixture of both! Food wise they have a very good Chinese restaurant on the 7th floor that has views over the city. It's pricey compared to what you could pay outside but the food does come in large portions (one dish would probably fill you up). They have a 24 hour cafe/restaurant on the ground floor which serves Indian and Continental dishes. For those that fancy a real break from the deeply tasty Indian dishes, or if you just fancy a midnight snack...they rustle up a good plate of fries which are great sandwiched between some butter naan! This cafe also doubles up as the breakfast room in the mornings where a decent buffet breakfast is served up with a good range of Indian and Continental. There is a small coffee shop in the lobby that sells cakes and pastries which are as tasty as they look. My final word on food, is that as far as I can see and from my experience, it is safe and clean. I was travelling with approx. 25 people and nobody got ill.The rooms are of a decent size and comfortable. The first time I stayed I was in a standard room which was absolutely fine. However, if you have a little extra cash, definitely go for a deluxe room. Slightly more space, flat screen TV mounted on the wall, lights and air con (plus a few other things) can be controlled from a small touch pad next to the bed and your own iron and ironing board in the cupboard. All the rooms have tea and coffee making facilities, two small complimentary bottles of water and an in room safe.There are some gift shops on the floor below the lobby and an outdoor swimming pool on the 1st floor. I didn't use either but the latter I wish I had if only there was the time!Location wise it is very close to the Lotus Temple and there are some shops and an ATM if you take the exit behind the hotel then do a left. Currency can be readily exchanged at the 24 hour desk in the lobby.I liked this hotel and would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 14 2008 	Great Hotel surrounding area not so good	Great hotel with good service overall. The rooms are well equipped but on the small side. Tried out the 2 restaurants - the top Chinese restaurant was very good although quite pricey for India standards - the bottom one was not all that great on the food, seems to cater more for buffet dinners. Staff generally very helpful. The pool area was a bit small and lacking but then who goes to Delhi to stay by the pool? Not much in the surrounding area except small shops and restaurants.	
Aug 6 2008 	Better after moving to a deluxe room	We first booked two superior rooms through their website and requested a non-smoking room. However, when we checked in, we got a smoking room, and one of the room was a wheel-chair accessible one, which we did not ask for.We then changed to one deluxe room. The room was nicer, and at the end of the hall so maybe a little bigger. There was a king size bed but because we were three of us, we had to pay for 2 extra persons. I don't understand why this was so because we only asked for one rollaway bed, which at first was a separate mattress on the floor! We refused to accept the mattress and asked for a proper rollaway. If they are going to charge extra, why should we have to sleep on the floor!Service at the front desk was polite and efficient. They guided us well with all our inquires. In between, we checked out for 2 days to visit Jammu and they let us keep our extra luggage for free and kept an arriving parcel for us. They brought us a free fruit basked and mini-chocolates in our deluxe room (but not to our intial superior room,)The dinner we had at their restaurant, Seven, was nice. There was a ghazal group singing. It was my parents anniversary so they brought us complimentary cake. Their morning breakfast at Le Cafe was good with variety.Good stay for good service.	
Jun 18 2008 	Pleasant stay	Stayed here at beginning and end of tour in India booked with Jetsave. Reception area lovely and pool very nice with beds in shade. Unfortunately several swimming lessons for local children held in the pool made it crowded and noisy at evening time when you wanted to use it. Room good with complimentary bottles of water and tea and coffee making facilities All our meals were paid but drinks pricy here.	
May 31 2008 	lEnjoyed the Crown Plaza	New Delhi India. Crown Plaza Suyra May 14-20 2008. Eileen Queens,N.Y. My stay at the Crown Plaza new delhi India was a happy and memorable one. The hotel is located nearby shopping areas, banks, resturants local markets ect. . I enjoyed my stay at this hotel for the nice rooms with all ammenties,the pool was great, spa was very good I enjoyed that very much after along day touring. Good relaxation in the evening with three resturant to have dinner, casual an elegant dining in the evening with live indian music, a bar for evening cocktails ect. This hotel has a nice decor to it and is fit for any kind of traveller,for business,tourist,or family vaccations ect. The friendliness of all the staff is kind and careing, from the doormen to the bellhops,the resturant staff . The staff and the managers for the day and night shift was very pleasant and careing. Checking in was very pleasant and checking out was also pleasant. When travelling around the world and staying in hotels it is our home away from home and with a open mind one should make the best of our holiday .I enjoyed my stay and if I should travel to India in the futureI will choose this hotel for my stay. My thanks to all at the Crown Plaza Suyra in New Delhi India. Suyra the Sun shines bright in you always	
May 4 2008 	Not worth the money	The hotel is out of the way from the airport and main tourist areas. According to staff, there was nothing to see within walking distance of the hotel. Rooms were OK, but walls were pretty banged up, and the bathroom smelled awful - a damp smell that would seem to come and go for no reason. Worst part, was getting ripped off for the airport pickup. My room was booked through work, and no one mentioned airport pickup, so when I arrived, I went to the pre-booked taxi stand, paid 300 rupees, got my receipt and headed towards the taxis. On my way there, I noticed my name on a sign from the hotel. He told me the ride was complimentary, one of the services the hotel offers, so I cancelled my taxi. Upon checkout, I questioned the 3000 rupee charge, and was told it was for airport pickup. Staff refused to accept that I was told it was complimentary, and demanded that I pay it. I was with a co-worker, who also heard it was complimentary. Now, I dont even really care about the money, work pays for it, but it is the principle of it that bothers me. I was told it was free, then charged 10X more than the regular taxi rate. That left a bad taste in my mouth.	
Apr 15 2008 	A good few days	I stayed at the Crown Plaza for three nights in April. The hotel certainly looks better inside than it does from outside. Since I last stayed there eight years before it has had a big refit. The main open areas are airy and bright, nicely fitted out and while the bar area below reception lacks atmosphere it’s a good place to meet. My room on the forth floor was good, nicely fitted out with good facilities. Service was very good – I was met at the airport by the hotel car, reception was helpful and service at the bars and restaurants attentive. Breakfast buffet was very good, especially if you like Massala Dosa for breakfast like I do, there was a good selection including omlettes and fruit. The evening buffet was very good and a meal in Seven, the a-la-carte restaurant was excellent. The location is little too far south if you want to get to the central tourist spots in Delhi, but it can be a quick ride if the traffic is good to you, All in all a good stay and based on my experience a good hotel that justifies it’s rating	
Apr 14 2008 	Large hotel with spacious public areas and decent rooms	My business colleagues booked three nights for me in the Crowne Plaza during a recent business trip to our nearby India headquarters.The public spaces are spacious and flashy, and are intended to impress. My Club level room was large and comfortable. The Club level breakfast buffet was not overly large or varied, but entirely adequate for my needs. I did not personally experience the other restaurants. I did not take advantage of the large pool.The staff was overall reasonably professional. The Club level clerk who checked me in was cold, bureaucratic, and officious, with little sympathy for the late hour and my travel weariness as she demanded every detail of my travel plans. I did not find the Concierge to be very helpful when I inquired about taxi options for local travel.There were a number of tour groups staying in the hotel. From my observation, they seemed reasonably content with the hotel.Since I had a free Sunday during my visit, my colleagues arranged a car for a visit to Agra and the Taj Mahal. Round trip from the Crowne Plaza and back, with three hours for touring and lunch in Agra, took thirteen hours total with normal Sunday highway traffic conditions.There are a number of shops in the lower lobby area of the hotel. In addition, there is a small commercial area just off the hotel property with an assortment of Indian and Western restaurants and shops of varied quality. Use your &quot;street-smarts&quot; if you venture into this area.Overall, I would stay at the Crowne Plaza again, mainly due to its convenient location near my colleagues' work location.	
Mar 8 2008	Don't go there - it is a waste of money	The only thing which is 5star at this hotel is the price. We spent a few days at the Crowne Plaza and we really regretted it. The service is bad. Food is not good. The hotel has a problem with the air conditioning: at restaurants and in the lobby it is very cold. In the rooms it is not possible to have a normal temperature: either you switch on the AC and its cold or your switch it off and it is getting too warm.The waiters in the restaurants are slow. It takes ages till you get served (tea arrives after the breakfast is done).As said above - we cannot recommend to anybody to stay at this hotel - especially not to families with children!Generally an unpleasant place! We didn't like it at all.	
Feb 23 2008 	Nice hotel but good distance south of centre	We stayed here on the first night of kuoni taj tour. Arrived early morning (7am) and they managed to get us in a room for half eight, which we weren't expecting. First room hadn't been serviced, but a quick call to reception got us another room. After a few hours sleep we went a wander to the local shops to go to an ATM. Its obviously an expected part of india to encounter fairly stark poverty, but it was still an eye opener. But we felt perfectly safe.There are a couple of ATMs within 5 Mins of hotel, quite handy as you can't get rupees before you go and the exchange desk at airport didn't take debit cards, only credit. Hotel will obviously change currency for you. Staff were very friendly and hotel was very modern and clean. we were obviously a bit wary of the dreaded &quot;delhi belly&quot; so we played safe and ate in the hotels indian restaurant &quot;se7en&quot;, which was excellent, lovely indian food and fairly reasonable from a western perspective. We also had a couple of drinks in the atrium bar which was lovely, if fairly quiet. A few of our fellow travellers ate at a local chinese called &quot;lotus&quot; ( i think) without any ill effects. As mentioned, you are a fair distance from india gate and connaught square, certainly not walkable, not a problem for us as we were on a escorted tour but worth bearing in mind. Overall, a good choice for delhi, would stay here again.	
Feb 8 2008	haven of rest in crazy city	We stayed here twice during a recent tour of India. Both times it was a welcome place to stay in a hectic city.Spacious lobby, spacious room,extremely clean and well kept.Staff was helpful, breakfast was good.I wish all the other places we stayed had been as nice and comfortable!	
Jan 6 2008	Very Helpful	Stayed at Crowne Plaza with group of 5 girls for whom this was part of India 'experience'. Asked for and got all the help I needed in providing girls a once in a lifetime experience. They arranged day trip to Taj Mahal with meals and guides. Could not have been better. Gave us free late check out. Girls loved the gift shop in the ground floor level. Finally surprised me with complementary transport to airport on our departure. Cannnot fault the attitude of the staff in all areas. Would unreservedly recommend this hotel to any group like ours.	
Nov 28 2007 	Good Hotel for Delhi	I have stayed in this hotel 3 times over the past 4 years, travelling on business; the last time was December 2006. I stay because of it's proximity to my businessThe rooms are clean and spacious and really what you'd expect from a 4 star hotel. I laughed when I read a recent review about the lobby smelling of Damp - it does!The smelly lobby aside the hotel restaurants on the upper and ground floors are excellent and for a simple buffet the Cafe is fineIt's a good base for travellers to Dehli, however be warned December - January is wedding season in Delhi (and probably India) and it's very busy with private functions	
Oct 29 2007 	The Crowne Plaza Surya Sucks	On entering the grand marble lobby I was immediately struck by a very damp and unpleasant smell. This remained the case for the entire week I stayed at this hotel. I found the service in the hotel to be below average and at times was totally ignored by staff at the hotel's reception. The breakfast was very average indeed. The hotel lacks atmosphere and beware the rooms on the 1st floor, often the very rooms offered by some travel websites. These rooms are damp and the one I was offered had the carpet lifting from the damp. I asked to be moved to a room higher up in the hotel, at an additional $75 per night this was done. Definitely not worth the extra in fact a total rip off. I have been to Delhi a number of times and this was by far the worst hotel. No atmosphere and definitely not recommended.	
Oct 21 2007 	Excellent hotel no complaints	I spent 1 night at the Crowne Plaza Delhi and found the hotel in excellent condition. The double bedroom was large enough to move without problems, big bed with excellent mattress, clean sheets, room equipped with desk+chair, sideboard, armchair with table, flat-screen tv. Bathroom was, like the bedroom, spotlessly clean, no mold anywhere, great Ayurveda toiletries. Breakfast buffet offered breakfast for Asian and Western tastes (currries etc. but also bread, butter, marmelade...) Really no complaints (which you might expect from a 5-star hotel). When in Delhi I would come back to the Crowne Plaza any time.	
Sep 18 2007 	Overall a bit pricey and not the best experience.	Was clean, with an impressive lobby but the room was smallish, had old decor, and had a shakey door that needed to be repaired. There were renovations going on so the pool was out, which i was not informed about, although the gym was well equipped and modern. Management were rude to my friend when she checked in, and the post cards that i gave to the bell desk (with money) never arrived in Australia. Would not return to this hotel.	
Jun 27 2007 	Under renovation but still enjoyed stay	Stayed at the Crowne Plaza for 6 weeks while on a business trip. Hotel was clean and staff friendly. Overall an excellent hotel and will be even better once renovation works are all completed, unfortunately this did mean loud noise/banging sometimes but staff always helpful and apologetic and did move me to a quieter room when possible. Nice pool area and choice of restaurants but the 24hr cafe did get a little boring as it was the only place open after work due to working to fit in with UK time.	
May 4 2007 	An Excellent Stay at the Surya	We were in Delhi twice in December, and the first time we stayed at the Taj Palace, you can see my review on its hotel page, and the second time we stayed at the Surya, the reason being, one of our local friends recommended it. While the hotel itself isn't as luxurious as the Taj Palace, the service is still pretty good. We had a regular room booked, but since we had a lot of luggage we mentioned that we needed a bit more space so we were upgraded to a suite for free, which was great! The suite had more than enough room, and some great features, for example, we were able to turn the shower on from the phone next to the bed, so it was nice and hot when we got in there. The location of this hotel is also excellent (much better than the Taj Palace) it is within walking distance of some great resturants, both Indian and Non-Indian, Ego Thai which is nearby was great and some of the best thai food I have had from around the world. The hotel also has a club, which wasn't that happening, but played some good music. Overall, this hotel isn't as luxurious as the Taj Palace in Delhi in terms of service, food, and comfort, but its still pretty excellent, I found them slightly more accomdating, and our suite was bigger than the one we had at the Taj Palace. More importantly, the location is fabulous, you can't go wrong with either hotel.	
May 2 2007 	Very mediocre but expensive hotel	Everything at the Crowne Plaza is mediocre. From the food to the rather tacky room decor to the service. The rates are rather expensive and you could stay at a much better property for the same price. I was upgraded to the Premiere Club floor but was unable to partake of the amenities and perks. I was told that I was not able to use the Club as I was upgraded. I checked and it is indeed the policy of the hotel that upgrades to the Club Floors are not welcome or able to use the Club floor facilities. I complained and explained that it is like being upgraded to a First Class seat on a flight, but not being able to have the food, service or amenities of it; being welcome to use the seat only. They gave in and told me that I could use the Club floor facilities but I felt very unwelcome and like a charity case. I booked a very expensive auyervedic massage in the spa. The spa is nothing fancy but does have a large &amp; interesting menu of auyervedic massages. My 1 hour massage was a nightmare due to the construction going on 1 floor above. I listened to pounding and jackhammers the entire time. I obviously was unable to relax and enjoy the massage and ended up more tense than before the massage. I complained and was given an apology about the construction. They did not offer to give me another massage gratis or even give me a discount. You can get much better service, decor, food and quality for the same price at many other Delhi hotels.	
Apr 13 2007 	Good hotel	Stayed there for a week, everything is nice and clean. The hotel has a nice outdoors pool and a big plus, if to avoid shopping in the center, it hosts a lot of shops selling stuff at the same prize like outside, it only needs some negotiations (like everywhere in India). The hotel has its own travelling counter, which is way too expensive, but the reception can be very helpful to book anything from outside. Don't be surprised, some of the receptionists speak/understand hardly any English, others do. The hotel is not closed to the center, but you can hire a 3 wheeled car, a tuc tuc, for 100 rupeehs per hour (don't pay more!). Transfer by local taxi to the International airport is 350 rupeehs and takes about 45min. I really recommend the location.Ana, Switzerland	
Apr 5 2007 	Super stay	I stayed at this hotel as part of a tour. The hotel was in my opinion excellent. The restaurants were good and breakfast was excellent. The hotel entrance was wonderful and the rooms as one would expect from a four star hotel. Enjoy your stay	
Apr 2 2007	Clean 	Some of the rooms are a bit dated decor-wise but I believe the hotel is in the process of under going a make over. At present I would rate it as a 4* property. The bed was really comfortable &amp; we had no problems getting a good nights sleep. The lobby/reception area is most welcoming &amp; the restaurants serve a wide variety of food. The hotel is located on the outskirts of the centre of Delhi, but as it is such a vast metropolis I would not make location an issue.	
Feb 28 2007 	Rubbish	Grubby hotel, may look like a 5 star from the photos- but when you get there, the place is grubby and in need of renovation.We booked for 7 nights but could only handle 3- we managed to get in to the Hyatt hotel - new and clean - much better and near the middle of Delhi - the Crown Plaza is miles away for anythingBook the Hyatt or the Grand, I wish we did from the start.Good Luck	
Feb 6 2007	OK...but...	Booked online with hotel website for 2 rooms under 1 name. When we arrived, they said they had 1 room for 2 people, and were sold out. After a few minutes of haggling, they had made a mistake in their hotel reservation system, and accomodated us. The hotel was OK, but quite far from the airport if you're just staying overnite as we were.	
Jan 15 2007	A great and comfortable place to stay.	The Crowne Plaza was in the heart of New Delhi, with all the hustle and bustle going on around you. However, once you were inside, it was like being in a different world.The reception was huge and dazzling.There were plenty of lifts available.The dining was exceptional with 3 or maybe 4 places to eat withing the hotel itself. The breakfast was buffet style and very good. They catered easily for my Gluten Free diet.The staff were courteous and friendly.	
Oct 15 2006 	Awesome Staff! Nice very clean hotel.	The staff at this hotel is outstanding. I had price issues with our first night stay. The hospital that booked us waited to long to get the lower price rooms. I was forced into the higher price and didn’t know until check out. My husband was furious. We paid and went on to the hospital where I was admitted. One of the managers came to the hospital to personally speak with us and clear up the issue. I was so impressed we went back after I left the hospital. So glad! Our room was lovely. We used the travel desk and booked the nicest driver and guide for 3 days. He even took us to his home for tea! We loved this hotel. The only draw back was the main restaurant. Service was slow and food not to our liking. The Japanese restaurant was awesome! Highly recommend this hotel if you are staying in New Delhi.	
Sep 28 2006 	Get the feel of Crowne Plaza Delhi	Hi,This time I traveled with a group of friends and found this hotel in Delhi as an upmarket property to stay with. We all were booked for two nights and our stay at this hotel was an experience worth sharing about. Our Check in was done with soft drinks and warm welcome by the Reception lady, room was on the renovated floor with paintings in the corridor reflecting Indian art(impressive).Room was upto the international standards with cozy Bed and latest furnishing. Our Breakfast at Coffee shop was served by smiling and professional staff. Yes one must try the Health club which they have recently introduced with good equipments for health concious travellers.It was truly a 5 star experience in all the respect. There should be more hotels like this in every city of India.ThanksJames	
Sep 8 2006 	Excellent Product supported by Good personnel	Hi, my name is Wilson Garry stayed between 3rd Sep 06 and 07th Sep 06. well this was my first ever vist to India I was highly worried about my trip to New Delhi. As soon I reached the hotel I was impressed by the warm and grand Lobby of the hotel,check in was prompt and welcoming, was given a room on the 2nd floor which was fresh and contemporary. Room had features like LCD screen TV, Cubicle bath ,bedside console etc.Staff was highly helpful and warm in their approach. Had my Breakfast at Le Cafe which was lavish in choice and taste.On my last night I had my Dinner at Sampan the chinese restaurant and my experience with food was ok but staff was extremly professional and knowledgeble (specially the Captain).Only thing with little sluggishness was their Travel Desk which I used for my way back to Airport and it took some 10 minutes to get the Car at the porch.Overall a good experience to be with Crowne Plaza Delhi.Thanks	
Aug 4 2006 	Bailed out after one night - Avoid!	I booked a reservation at the Crowne Plaza in New Delhi through the Holiday Inn Priority Club. I stayed at a Holiday Inn in Australia, and joined, thinking that I would accumulate points. What a mistake. The Crowne Plaza in New Delhi was probably a great hotel ten years ago, but it is showing its age. Apparently, parts of it are under renovation, and supposedly, some floors are completed. I did not see those floors. The lobby needs help. My room needed help. The room had excellent Wi Fi, and a large plasma TV, but the electrical outlets were iffy, the fixtures were cracked and fading, and the marble surfaces were showing a lot of wear. For $142 a night, I expected better. Particularly from an ostensibly five star hotel. This was just the beginning. I need to have a working electrical outlet next to the bed for some medical equipment that I use when I sleep, so it is a non-starter when the outlets do not work. The front desk sent up power adapters which blew the fuse in the outlet, (along with a young man who tried to blame my equipment, then asked me why did I not call housekeeping), then they sent up a very nice handyman who fiddled around in the ceiling with a horrifyingly antique-looking fuse box, and after some trial and error he was able to get the outlet working, but the lights in the room no longer responded to the light switches, and so they would not go out. No problem. I unscrewed all the lightbulbs so I could get some rest. Then I jumped onto the internet and booked a room at the Metropolitan Hotel Nikko. The first floor lounge restaurant offered somewhat surly help (waiter was fine, the night manager was tired, perhaps), and a very weird version of spaghetti a la carbonara. The banana shake was good, though. Oh, yeah. One other thing. The hotel neglected to send a car to meet me at the airport. I requested this when I made my reservation. I had to hire a car at DEL, which was....an adventure. I only wish that the Mandarin Hotel Group had a property in New Delhi. Trying the Hotel Nikko tomorrow. I am punching out of the Crowne Plaza, never to return. Strongly advise giving this joint a pass.	
Jun 17 2006	one night review	What a pleasant surprise! After reading many of the reviews on tis site I was a little anxious about staying at this hotel but I stayed here for on night with my partner using Priority Club reward points for one night (22nd May 2006). We arrived early on the morning after an overnight flight and were very pleased to be given a room at 7.30am and given an upgrade to an executive floor room on the top floor.The room was newly refurbushed with flat screen TV and well equipped. The design felt a litle unusual/old fashioned but the room was newly refurbished and clean.The executive lounge facilities were basic but ofered free internet access, a very limited breakfast and limited evening canapes and evening drinks. there is however an excelent indian restaurant in the hotel and for those seeking more western options a Mcdonalds and Dominoes Pizza round the corner.The location is not central and away from Connaught Place but we were touring and had a car and driver so this did not seem to matter.The pool was nice and my partner took advantage of of a pedicure in the hotel which was excellent value for money. The hotel was very quiet during our stay but the service was excellent and I would recommend.	
Mar 7 2006	A very enjoyable stay	Stayed at the Crowne Plaza for 2 nights, had an excellent room on the 7th floor. It had been recently refurbished with modern amenities including a large plasma TV. The Chinese Restaurant was excellent (but not cheap), we used the executive lounge for breakfast and snacks and the food was very good. All the staff we met were very pleasant and helpful. Spent an hour sat around the outside pool area, listening the noisy Delhi traffic. We did not venture far outside of the hotel on foot as there did not seem to be much to see, apart from some American fast food restaurants.	
Jan 29 2006 	Better than the rest?	Just spent two nights in Delhi at the Crowne Plaza. On first impressions this is a good hotel, but delve beneath the surface and you'll find a few things that definitely lower the * ranking. Most of the rooms need refurbishing and the bar area has got to be the most inhospitable place in India! Forget any intimate surroundings, this bar is in the atrium with 30 m high ceilings. The breakfast is OK, but the restaurant is far too small to cope with a full house (which is nearly always in India). The location is also well removed from downtown. I'm sure there are better places to stay in Delhi.	
Dec 23 2005	Dirty To be avoided in Dehli		
Nov 27 2005	Loved it very nice!!!!!!		
Nov 17 2005	Very disappointing		
Oct 22 2005	Very Nice		
Sep 15 2005	An okay expereince nothing great		
May 8 2005	Did not live up to the hype!		
Mar 13 2005	would go again		
Mar 12 2005	Good even without an upgrade		
Nov 19 2004	True luxury		
Nov 14 2004	Top class service and rooms		
Nov 12 2009	Rajasthan Rundreise		
Nov 1 2009 	????????????????		
Oct 15 2009 	?????????????????		
Aug 24 2009	Hotel correcto pero mal insonorizado		
May 19 2009 	Flughafen in der Nähe		
Sep 1 2008 	Fantastico 5 stelle		
Jul 25 2007	No pude casi dormir		
Nov 23 2006 	un très bel hôtel		
