Nov 16 2009 	Great hotel great people	Here came my holidays....and the selection was Hotel Claridges in Delhi for my trip to the Golden Triangle.Great hotel , great people, and great services...all being met at one place.Our stay at this hotel inspired us to come back to our native place and ofcourse...we will definitely stay at Hotel Claridges Delhi	
Nov 11 2009 	Great place to stay	We had two stays here at either end of a Golden Triangle tour. The hotel was very plush, we had a deluxe room which was spacious and well decorated. Also impressed by the slippers / bathrobe in the wardrobe!The pool and surrounding area was lovely, just a shame the sun went behind the surrounding buildings pretty early!Renovations were ongoing during our stay, however did not cause us any real disturbance aside from hearing drilling one afternoon by the pool.The service was a little variable, and it's this which prevented me rating this as a 5. The door staff, porters &amp; housekeeping staff were excellent - very friendly and chatty. The reception staff were polite but indifferent, and the Pickwicks restaurant staff did not seem particularly interested at all.We tried the food in the Jade chinese restaurant which was superb, also Pickwicks for breakfast and an evening meal. The food here was excellent, however the service let the place down. Our drinks were forgotten, we asked for extra butter at breakfast which never arrived &amp; the service was extremely slow.	
Nov 6 2009 	Out of town	this is an oasis! Near the house where Ghandi was shot but you have to turn the gauntlet of beggars,tuktuk drivers and performing kids just to get there!It is a 20 min taxi ride to Red Fort and other attractions.Service very good and rooms fine.	
Nov 5 2009 	class	From the moment we arrived to the moment we left ab fab.Could not fault hotel.If to make a minus it would be the price of food in the restraunt.Other than that perfect	
Oct 26 2009 	An oasis of calm and charm in a the madness that is Delhi	We booked two separate nights at The Claridges; one at the start and one at the end of a two week trip north to the Himalayas. Both arrival times at the hotel were early in the morning. Expecting to wait around for the midday check in, we were greeted by friendly, efficient and polite staff and were found rooms almost immediately - one at 7 o'clock in the morning. Whisked up to our room by a smiling floor manager in an impeccable suit we were given a clean comfy mini suite with a huge bed and huge screen TV. There were no extra charges for the early check ins.The two restaurants we used were well staffed by smiling, helpful people. Breakfast was a fresh and plentiful buffet with hot choices cooked in front of you. For dinner we chose the European option (there are 4 restaurants). We were escorted by a delightful chatty receptionist to the rear of the building where we were seated on an atmospheric terrace with a stream and billowing muslin drapes. The food was excellent, not quite Michelin, but my steak was cooked just right and a reasonable French red wine at about 20 GBP completed the evening.Having an afternoon to fill, we walked towards a New Delhi local market. We were stopped by a Tuc Tuc man who promised to show us Delhi. A bit wary but with the assurance of a friendly passer by, we bit the bullet. Kamal, our Tuc Tuc man, as he turned out to be called did show us Delhi. Safely, patiently and with good English he took us to a few of the best sites and to the best place to buy a great silk Kashmiri rug. We can thoroughly recommend Kamal as a reliable and knowledgeable driver. He charged us 300 rupees for the round trip (about 3.75 GBP) including waiting for us when we went sightseeing. He can be found on his mobile - 9899041746 - give him a ring!!Overall a great Hotel experience - good security (24 hour armed police presence in the background) - lovely staff - everthing worked - good food - a real oasis of calm and charm in the madness that is Delhi.	
Oct 25 2009	Never never never again!!!!	What a dreadful experience! We had previously stayed at the Taj Palace - incomparably superior - and found The Claridges grossly inadequate. The refurbishment wasn't complete, we had to have the plumber TWICE in one evening, there was no storage in the bathroom, and the shower soakaway was unable to deal with the inout from the shower. Worst of all, there was hammering going on under our room until 4.30 a.m despite repeated calls to Reception and the Duty Manager. As a result we had a sleep-free night and were far too shattered to do the visits we had planned for the next morning. Totally unacceptable, and never a word of apology, let alone any compensation. The hotel should be thoroughly ashamed of itself.	
Oct 22 2009	Golden triangle tour India	The Claridges hotel in New Delhi was superb, the food in each of the Restaurants was wonderful, the rooms have been refurbished recently and are extremely comfortable and well furnished. There are so many little touches that made it a fantastic stay, everything you need has been thought of and readily available.I did find it unusual that the Spa was single sex at different times of the day, but this did not mar our stay. I would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in New Delhi.	
Oct 16 2009 	Above average hotel with below average service	The hotel is centrally located in the embassy area near Khan Market. Although Khan Market can be walked in about 15-20 minutes, it is advisable to take a taxi or ask your driver to drop you off at the market and take a taxi back to the hotel. The check-in process at about 1:30am was fast and being upgraded to a suite for 3 nights was appreciated. The room and bathroom were spacious and clean. 4 complimentary bottles of water every day helped beat the heat and potential bout with diarrhea. 24 hour internet use was not complimentary and set us back about $15 per day.The below average score for &quot;Service&quot; was due to the lackadaisical attitude and lack of attention to detail of the wait staff for breakfast and dinner at Dhaba. Coffee and refills were not served in a timely fashion for the entire stay of 3 days. On the 3rd morning, I observed the female host take something from the serving table and quickly put it in her mouth as she was walking towards the pastry area. Except for the doorman, a lot of the staff did not acknowledge us with a smile even when I said good morning. The reception area staff were also not friendly although they did what they were supposed to do.Food at Dhaba Restaurant was expensive with the taste average at best. I would recommend heading over to the Khan market to eat at Chonas (Indian food), Salim's (kebab rolls), change money and shop a little bit.In regards to the &quot;soft remodel&quot; noise reported by guests, I did not hear any construction noise during our stay. According to the hotel, the remodel will be complete by the end of October 2009. Speaking of currency exchange, change as much as you can at the Punjab Bank (no commission) vs Thomas Cook (10% commission). For a hotel that has a lot of positives, Claridges Hotel will be an option for me to consider but it is not a hotel that I can say that I will definitely go back to if another alternative is available.	
Oct 14 2009 	Potentially good - but management dealings with us unacceptable.	We had a two night stay and the first night went to plan. Room was as anticipated in a superior category. Good meal in the Chinese restaurant. Great position for hotel. Waiters very polite and friendly although food service very slow. Then all went downhill - returned at 4pm after a day in Delhi to be accosted by the duty manager because a problem with the plumbing near our room had removed water from half of the rooms. He had been trying to contact us for many hours because engineers needed to gain access to our room for the repair work and we needed to change rooms to allow this to happen. Replacement room much smaller, and much less well equipped - bathroom actually quite basic, less fruit and no sweet-meats but otherwise adequate. As we were checking out during the night we accepted the down-grade room rather than make a fuss.Curiously the only person who was aware of the &quot;plumbing problem&quot; appeared to be the one duty manager despite the devastating effect the &quot;problem&quot; had been having for some hours. We also discovered subsequently that all rooms in Claridges were booked that night and the room we had been asked to vacate was re-occupied.Our new room, unlike the first room, overlooked an area of the hotel where parties were held: there was a party that night (we had not been informed of this) and sleep was impossible because of the resulting Bacchanalian-like noise. On checkout I spoke to the night duty manager who apologised for the extreme noise. He, too, was also unaware of the &quot;plumbing problem&quot; until we told him. He confirmed also that the room vacated by us was re-occupied. The hotel was completely full.The speed of the resolution of the &quot;plumbing problem&quot;, the rapid re-allocation of that room to someone else and not back to us, and the seeming lack of knowledge of the &quot;plumbing problem&quot; by anyone other than the one duty manager amongst many despite its apparent widespread effect for so many hours, and the absence of any urgency in resolving the problem (the management did not know we would be returning in the late afternoon - we could have planned to stay out until very late) all suggest to us that there may have been another reason we were asked to move. Whether there was we cannot be certain but it is difficult to identify any other credible explanation on the information provided by this manager on the 12th October. In the end the room downgrade, for whatever reason, was not acceptable. We feel that we were treated entirely inappropriately by the management of this hotel. It has left a very unpleasant &quot;taste&quot;.	
Jul 27 2009 	Perfect hotel	Friendly, smiley service with a buzzing atmosphere. Beautiful room. Afternoon drinks on the lawn. Lovely chinese restaurant. Did not want to leave. We loved this hotel - new favourite in Delhi (usually stay at Imperial)	
Jul 26 2009 	Made India tolerable	The hotel was beautiful and made my stay in India tolerable. However, I mistakenly took 1 sip of water from the faucet and my stomach was not right for 1 week. Beware of India's tap water!	
Jul 23 2009 	Little value for big money	This hotel is ideally located in the centre of Delhi but is way too expensive for what it is. The rooms are spacious but bathrooms could do some work. The hotel was under renovations when we visited. Internet was extremely expensive. Beware Tthe restaurants at this hotel are also over priced. Also book in advance and maybe pay online. This will save you from having to bargain at the reception. The first 5 star hotel that i had to bargain the price. The guy in the in front desk started at 200 euro! We ended up paying about half that amount but left feeling that we were over charged. They asked for an advance charge of 175 euro per room which was returned on my card but which was charged on my friend's card. Paying online would have saved us all this hassle. Not a bad place to stay if you don't mind paying through the nose. On my next trip to Delhi I would look for better deal value wise.	
Jun 9 2009 	one of the most centrally located 5 star hoetsl in delhi	claridges is located 5 mins khan market and lodhi garden and is one of the most centrally located 5 stars in delhi.. in the heart of lueytans delhi, its one of the best places for a business meeting or just staying if you have a budget problem. they have a 24 hour coffee shop, sevilla- spainsh restaurant which has one of the best ambience in delhi and is worth eating in, in winters as its open air.. a vodka lounge with one of the best stocked bars in town. the service is excellent and so is the pool and the business facilities.. unlike other multi storyed hotels in delhi, the rooms dont have a dominating view of the area but they are extremely plesant and clean.. stayaing is claridges is an expensive and also it tends to be booked heavily during marriage season and winters so its advisable to book in advance.	
Apr 30 2009 	Claridge's was wonderful	Really nice hotel with exceptionally courteous staff. Very clean and nice rooms. The breakfast buffet was very good.	
Apr 27 2009 	claridge is classy but not always perfect	The Claridge is definitely classy: great furniture, beautiful colours, interesting architecture... In addition, it is well located for dealing with embassies, or to go the bustling activities of connaught place, a short taxi hop.Still, not everything works perfectly in the claridge: rooms are uneven, with some without any views, some noisy and some with rusted pipe fittings. These are easily forgotten if you manage to get a good deal. But if you are paying above 200 USD and you room is still average, you may wonder if another choice would have been wiser. On the other hand, most of luxury hotels in Delhi are expansive during high season, so you may just enjoy the very elegant setting and furniture of the claridge...	
Apr 22 2009 	TIMELY ROOM SERVICECOURTEOUS STAFF AND A GOOD LOUNGE	We had checked in after a hectic business day after doing 2-3 rounds of meeting in the ncr region.we were immediately ushered into the lounge and provided with our rooms.though our stay at the hotel was for a minimal time[3days], we never had to confront any inconvenience in getting service.They have a wonderful Conference Room-The Senate for business meetings.i would highly recommend this place for business meetings. The staff was very helpful in showing me the entire facilities here.They also have a beautiful garden and a lounge bar.Ideal &amp; affordable place if you want to stay in delhi.[specially in these days ]	
Apr 19 2009 	EXPENSIVE HOTEL NOT VALUE FOR MONEY	The hotel is located centrally in new delhi and it very convenient for business visitors. Its gym and pool is merely functional. The people are nice and warm. Breakfast is ordinary and the lobby is only acceptable. Their charges for health clubs are very high.	
Apr 18 2009 	Great with the basics bad with the extras	My friends and I stayed here two nights in a row. The first night we were in a deluxe room we had booked online (the deluxe and claridges room were listed at the same rate), and the second night we had planned to switch to the Ginger to save money but didn't feel safe (we were a group of 3 20-something women) so returned to the Claridges in a Claridges room.Both rooms were great, though obviously the deluxe room was bigger and had tile instead of carpeted flooring.The service seemed great. We always were warmly welcomed, and the front desk staff was very friendly. When we grabbed breakfast the second morning, the hostess even remembered our original room number.However, there were a couple service issues. The first night we discovered the outlets weren't working. We called for the electrician and were told he would be coming. 30 minutes later, no electrician. My friend called again and they say he'd be there right away. 15 minutes later, he still hasn't come. My friend called yet again to complain, and finally he came 15 minutes after that, a full hour after we originally called.Luckily our friends took an hour longer than anticipated to pick us up to go out for the night - otherwise we would have hit the clubs with wet hair! :)The second issue was very frustrating. We had plans to leave at 7am to drive to Agra. It was important to leave early to beat Delhi rush hour and make it in time to see the Taj and drive to Jaipur before dark. We called for a wake-up call at 6:15. The receptionist asked if we'd like a confirmation call at 6:30, and we said yes.We received no call and woke up at 7:10 when our driver called to see where we were. My friend called to complain and they said that they didn't have us down for a wakeup call. At checkout we complained, and then the woman in charge of the wake-up call told the manager that she did call and we didn't pick up. We responded that it was [--------], and finally got 2000 rupees taken off our final bill.Point of story- stay at the Claridges and enjoy the beautiful garden and amazing mediterranean restaurant. Just don't count on anything outside the pre-choreographed dance when it comes to service. Bring your own alarm! :)	
Apr 16 2009 	Excellent value - good service - friendly staff	We had the pleasure of staying here one week apart and in different sections of the hotel. Our first bout of stay was excellent - staff were helpful polite and accommodating - the service in the restuarants was excellent - rooms were very nice - just by the pool - all in all on this occasion the hotel was very good.However, on our second visit to the hotel - the only complaint we had was the room - we were on the first floor and the rooms above are being renovated therefore there was quite a considerable amount of disturbance during the day and this went on to approximately 10.30 at night. However, as we were only staying one night this time we felt we could put up with it - if we had been staying longer we certainly would have asked to be moved to a quieter room. The room itself was lovely - and once again the staff were excellent. All in all a very nice hotel and a good stay.	
Apr 9 2009 	A great Place to Stay in New Delhi	My wife and I stayed at The Claridges two different times between March 10 and April 1, 2009. Each time we were greeted warmly and made to feel at home. Our first room was on the first floor off the pool area and had a sliding door that gave us access there. It was quiet at night and we had it all to ourselves. We ate at two of the restaurants, both reasonably priced and with wholesome, mostly vegetarian fare (but thats about what you get in India). One of the hotel shops is a bakery. We bought some pastries to eat in the room with tea. The hotel provided china dishes, napkins and silverware for us to enjoy our treats. Just a short walk down the block is a house owned by the wealthy Birla family at which MK Gandhi stayed near the end of his life. It is open to the public and has artifacts of the great man and dipictions of the important events of his life as well as impressive statues and gardens.	
Mar 27 2009 	No complaints	Stayed for 3 nights at the end of a visit to north India. I have no complaints about Claridges and found it to be a very good hotel. Location was in the posh diplomatic area of New Delhi, lobby was elegant and luxurious, and staff were very helpful and friendly. I insisted on a refurbished room and found this to be excellent. The room came with a balcony and a small wardrobe/dressing room leading to the bathroom. This small wardrobe/dressing room was poorly lit but otherwise I was very happy with the room. There was a large flat screen TV and internet access (payable), no road noise and a generally comforable feel to the room. Breakfast was tasty with good choices. We had an offer of free spa treatment for staying 3 nights but we found that men and women had different times for accessing the spa and we could not be there together-strange.	
Mar 16 2009 	Unusual (but excellent) experience	So I understand that other people who have stayed here have had bad experiences, and I'm not going to dispute those, as our experience was probably fairly exceptional. We stayed here for our 1st wedding anniversary, booking into a Claridges Room for one night only (as far our budget could stretch!). On our internet booking form we mentioned it was our anniversary, and so when we arrived they automatically upgraded us to a Club Room, which we thought was very nice of them. Upon being in the room for about half an hour we noticed that the room was actually really cold, and that the air-con wouldn't turn down. We rang through to report this but non one came to fix it. After another while I went out to the lobby to find the duty manager, who immediately sent a squadron of people into the room to try and fix it, which they couldn't do. We were instead immediately upgraded again, this time to the Luxury Suite (so by now we'd been given the equivalent of 4 upgrades), which was simply stunning. They then delivered 24 red roses for my wife! The service and staff all along were friendly and attentive, and the food in the restaurant, Dhaba, was divine, with again, excellent service. We only stayed one night, so maybe if we'd stayed longer things would have started to go downhill (judging from other people's reviews) but I can't really attest to this, but essentially, we got a $500 room for $150, so we weren't complaining!	
Mar 8 2009 	Poor quality of the rooms	Stayed here for the first time in March 2009. I visit Delhi regularly and have stayed at a number of other 5 star hotels. Service at the hotel is excellent, people are friendly, but there is one major problem: The quality of the rooms. My room was in urgent need of renovation, one chair was wobbly and even dangerous to sit on, the bathroom was just shabby for a five star hotel. Morevoer, it had only a tiny window, and when you looked outside, you were staring at a wall, one metre away from the window. I checked the other rooms in my corridor and found them similar. Clearly, based on my experience, the Claridges is the most inferior five star hotel in Delhi, in terms of room quality.	
Mar 7 2009 	Lousy	Whilst externally everything looks fine ,in details it isn't.I stayed for 2 seperate stays with a couple of days in between.On both stays the bathrooms have mould and fungus all over so whilst the Molton Brown toiletries are nice mould isn't so nice.the internet which is costly is intermittent.The staff at the reception try to look extremely friendly but are are on another planet.an example is when i checked in I requested them to check up with my airline if they were on to send a free complimentary car as I had booked;no body bothered.They habitually try to multitask like when checking you out attend to other things and are not able and delay you.On my second stay i asked for a room (after the first stay had a lousy room) with a view but they put me in one (236) where the glass is covered in a film so you can't look out at all as it looks out over some equipment !!).The room doors vibrated everytime someone walked past in the corridor outside.On the positive side the Dhaba restaurant was good as was the beds and linen in terms of comfort.Many nice alternative places to stay.	
Feb 17 2009 	Agree - turnaround now	I too was part of the trip where a watch was stolen and a couple of strong men tried to get us to sign a letter saying that it was lost in Khan market. Then the check-out clerk asked if we had a good experience, &quot;apart from the theft.&quot; Sorry, but this is not okay, even by Indian standards.	
Jan 23 2009 	Having stayed here before...	...Having stayed here in December 2005, we were familiar with the Hotel and loved the service then and it was similar now, with heightened security, of course. As a family of 12 traveling together, we had 3 different rooms, and all were comfortable and suited our rather short stay. Dinner and Breakfast at Pickwicks was great as all our picky-palates were thoroughly pleased. We will stay here again if we go back to our roots.	
Jan 18 2009 	Needs a turnaround - now!	Facilities are good but the service is terrible. Here is a listing of some of my experiences as well as those of my classmates from Columbia Business School staying at The Claridges this January:1) My roommate and I had to request a total of about 6 times to get a phone replaced from our room2) The hotel ran out of double bed rooms. Many of my classmates had to stay in a room with a king size bed and a cot. Not the most comfortable situation - and they were not offering concessions at the time. Let's see if they change their mind.3) A classmate had a $4K watch disappear from her room. She requested to file a police report. The hotel urged her not to file. When finally they realized she had to file, they changed the report so that it stated that my classmate knowingly dropped the watch outside of The Claridges' premises. This report was rejected three times before a proper report was filed.4) I was overcharged for Internet usage - the man at the counter had a difficult time using a calculator when I was demonstrating how much I had been overcharged.5) I asked for a weight scale - the first request was ignored. I called 20 minutes later to ask about my weight scale. The response - &quot;Oh I am sending someone just now.&quot; 5 minutes later, a guy shows up with a ruler. 6) Though we had booked a conference room in advance, we were given their bar as a conference room because they overbooked other rooms.7) Learned that the best strategy to get food in the restaurants is to order it from three different people - that way one of them might actually bring it to you.8) Once I arrived at the hotel, a gentlemen helped bring my bags to my room. I tipped the guy 30 rupees and asked him if he would also take my shoes for a shine (a shoe shine is complimentary at this place). The guy refused to take my shoes (would not even touch my shoes) since he was not the shoe guy. He actually called someone to take the shoes, since holding shoes would be beneath him.9) Room internet was not working so I asked IT support to help me out. No one showed up for 30 minutes. I called to inquire about why. The response was that there was a &quot;Do not disturb&quot; sign on the door. I went outside to take a look, as the &quot;Do not disturb sign&quot; was inside my room. It was a &quot;Clean My Room&quot; sign. The IT guy showed up 5 minutes later, and tried to prove to me that the internet was working. 20 minutes later, he agreed that the internet was not working. No apologies from The Claridges.10) A classmate ordered a samosa for room service. She specifically asked the guy whether or not the samosa would have nuts, as she is allergic to all nuts. The guy assured her that there are no nuts in the samosas. My classmate bit into the samosa to find a cashew. She called down to complain in a panic. The management did not believe her, so they sent someone to inspect the samosa. They then asked the room service representative why he did not tell my classmate there would be cashews inside. The guy refused to admit fault and said that my friend was only asking about peanuts.Have many more stories, but I think you get the point...	
Jan 6 2009 	Comfortable but needs to be updated	We stayed in a 2nd floor non-smoking room for 2 nights in Dec. 2008. The room was clean and the beds were super comfortable but the hotel rooms/bath had obviously not been updated in a long time whereas the lobby area and bathrooms in the lobby have recenlty had a facelift. Breakfast at the Pickwick's restaurant was outstanding as was the hotel staff/service. We had dinner at Dhaba ( in the hotel) the first night - excellent Indian food with just the right amount of spice. We ate at the hotel's outside restaurant Sevilla (mediterranean) the next night which was fine but nothing special - also a bit pricey for what it offered. Probably would not stay here again.	
Dec 30 2008 	Wouldn't go again	We had booked a Claridges room but weren't informed in advance that all these rooms are smoking rooms. Also, the first room we were offered overlooked a massive air conditioning unit on the roof. The manager said they could remove the ashtrays and spray air freshner which would make it non-smoking!! We ended up paying for an upgrade which was a disappointing start to our holiday.Apart from that, the hotel is okay. It is a lovely building and the bar and restaurants are pretty good, however we would not stay there again.	
Dec 3 2008 	Awful.	Tried as an alternative to the Imperial which is getting a litle bit above itself.. wish I had not. Had a second floor club room, the lift renovations included drilling until 8pm . Room ok but the cream carpet was filthy in one area and the huge tv was great except the picture was poor. The staff are arrogant, service slow and the &quot;famous&quot; bakery shut. I would have expected an explanation/ apology in the room. Trying to be something its sadly not.	
Nov 16 2008	Mixed feelings	Stayed here three times during October '08. Some refurbishment being undertaken which was obtrusive to people in rooms around the pool area on the ground floor. One lift out of use causing huge queues when groups checked in. The decoration was good and I have no complaints about my rooms. The check in process was long and even at 7pm with a booking going back months, my room was not ready. The cashier needs to be watched, he tried to double charge me twice out of the three visits for my room bill. The rest of the staff were attentive without being obtrusive, the food was good, plentiful and varied. I would recommend this hotel as it is well located but with the caveats of being prepared to wait for your room and keeping a close eye on what you are charged.	
Nov 14 2008	Very comfortable but it seemed a bit pricey	Great service and a lovely hotel. The rooms were large and well decorated. The bathroom decor could do with a freshen up but that is being a bit picky.I thoroughly enjoyed.Like a lot of Indian Hotels though. It was pretty expensive. The pool area wasn't anything to get excited about but the service was good around the pool.The hotels retaurants were all good in their own way. My favourite was probably the Italian restaurant.	
Nov 10 2008 	A game of two halves	My experience was mixed with this hotel, having stayed for two nights seperated by a week. Overall I would consider it a fine hotel with one or two issues. The entrance and public rooms are appealling but I would advise anyone to avoid a ground floor room if possible, like other reviewers we had a dog of a room on the first night, clean but smelly, with the sheets on the bed feeling decidely damp and unpleasant, like sleeping in a puddle. The food in the Indian restaurant was, in my opinion, good and worth the cost and the informal breakfast room was also very acceptable with a varied range of food, staff in both were efficient and intent on providing a pleasant experience. Our second room was much better, airy, bright with good facilities and a small balcony. One gripe, I asked a member of staff to change some money before we had been allocated a room and it was as if I had asked him to solve the meaning of life.Overall though I would reccomend this hotel as a stop in Delhi, good garden to sit and have coffee, good location, friendly staff (in general) but just avoid a ground floor room, and change some cash after you have booked in!	
Nov 3 2008	Not first class	I was told this was a first class hotel, but it certainly isn't. It might have a marble entrance hall, but that's about it. We stayed here twice at the begiinning and the end of our holiday. The rooms were tired, smelled of smoke and were grubby. Ours wasn't even ready when we checked in at 7 o'clock at night! The food is pretty awful and certainly not what you would expect of a supposedly smart hotel.	
Nov 1 2008 	Definitely not worth the price	I was part of a group that attended a meeting at the hotel last month. The airconditioning in the rooms was hopeless and switched on and off automatically with the result that the room temperature was either cold or hot - not ideal if one wishes to have a good night's sleep. The hotel was also very noisy with workers working through the night and making so much noise that it seems that they were determined that no one else should sleep. During the meeting, the power went off several times and the back up power supply did not seem to work. But this was not the worst experience. After a couple of days of long and tiring field trips outside Delhi, we came back to the hotel for our last night to find that the rooms were not ready and several of us were asked to wait until the guests had checked out for their after-midnight flights. We could understand this happening when one arrives in the morning but at 11pm, this was never heard of, considering that each one of us had booked weeks ahead. As this affected several of us, it was clear that this was not a mistake but a deliberate management ploy to make money by renting each room twice in a single night. So any body thinking of staying at the Claridges, be warned!	
Oct 26 2008 	Fab breakfast	Lovely hotel with a colonial feel. Good location within easy access to the sights of New Delhi and Old Delhi. The breakfast we had was the best of anywhere we stayed with a good choice, lots of fresh fruit and best of all soya milk. The only negative was the bar which was dark and dingy and very expensive.	
Oct 7 2008 	A once good place running down	We stayed in the Claridges in Delhi as a first stop on our honeymoon trip through India.When we arrived at the hotel, we noticed it looked quite nice and well laid out for it's hotel class, until we went to the room. At this stage it appeared the claridges had lost some of it's former charm.The staff were friendly and helpful throughout the stay, so from that aspect they do have that part down and organised.However, the rooms were small and wearing down. From our room we had a view over the inner-courtyard and swimming pool, and the rest of the building appears just as run-down and worse for wear.the bathroom although well equipped and neatly furbished, was still on the small side.the outside pool area was also a bit on the small side, and sat on an inner courtyard overlooked by the hotel from all angles. The pool itself was well maintained otherwise and served it's purpose.We had a chance to wander round the rest of the hotel, and found some restaurants connected to the hotel which look interesting and appealing, although we had dinner plans elsewhere for that one night, thus did not get a chance to try them.As for breakfast, this was well managed and nicely spread, with a good choice of continental and Indian fare.Overall it's obviously a five-star service, but in a building that is quickly running down and not being maintained.The hotel needs a refurbishment to match it's staff's efforts.	
Sep 21 2008 	underwhelming experience	this was a disappointing experience.... on arriving we had to change the room as the first option stank of smoke... the new room had a leaky bathroom and noisy aircon, although was otherwise decent... the breakfast was good, although there is no excuse for clearing it away at 10.25, when they are meant to be serving till 1030... the staff were generally pleasant and aspired to be helpful, though were often clueless about delhi... the amenities were poorly staffed and substandard: dirty pool, unstaffed business centre, not very good massage... while this wasn't a disaster, I thought for the price they were charging it should have been a lot more slick...	
Sep 6 2008 	Claridges Delhi	This hotel was nothing more than average - but quite expensive.The food was good but average too - but very expensive. We ate out after the first night at a 1/3 of the rate! The rooms were clean but the AC was quite noisy.They should offer free wifi at the room rates they charge.The gym is small but well equiped, the sauna average, the whirlpool doesn't work.	
Aug 4 2008 	No carpets please	A little background first: My husband has been working in India. I flew over to join him in Delhi for a week. Thus we arrived in Delhi from different directions at different times. I arrived at 2am from Australia while my husband arrived at 7pm that evening via an internal Indian flight.I booked a Club Room with twin beds. The charge including buffet breakfast for two in Pickwicks Restaurant &amp; taxes etc was $368 Australian dollars per night. As arranged with the hotel via email prior to my arrival, there was a chauffeur-driven car waiting with my name on a sign for me at the airport. This service costs about AU$56 one way.The hotel check-in service at 3am was well managed and took place in the room rather than the front counter. A hostess showed me to my room on the first floor which looked exactly as it did on the website. However the photos do not provide smell. As I stepped into the room there was an overpowering musty damp carpet smell. I informed them that I would not be able to stay in the room with this smell. We tried to open the window but this was not possible. Another room - across the hall - was immediately offered as a replacement for the remainder of the night. This room also had carpet and a lingering musty smell but it did have an opening glass door onto a landing overlooking the pool so it was possible to get fresh air. I believe this was a Claridges Room.As this room had a king sized bed instead of twin beds I informed them that it would not be suitable once my husband arrived. They assured me that another Club Room would be available for me in the morning. When I followed this up after housemaid service in the morning - a Club Room on the 2nd Floor was offered to me. This room had marble floors - no musty smell at all. It was fresh, clean and spacious. Also, the bathroom in a Club Room is larger than in the Claridges room. It has a separate bath and shower with a large vanity. Whereas in the Claridges room the shower was over the bath and the bathroom was only large enough for one person at a time.Breakfast in Pickwicks Restaurant had everything you expect in a western buffet breakfast. Fresh &amp; tinned fruit, French yoghurts, cereal, cook your own toast, pastries, breakfast cakes, eggs cooked to order, bacon, sausages, tomatoes, mushrooms and also Indian breakfast. Staff are eager to please and attentive and even provided us with a container of pastries &amp; cakes when we advised that we were driving to Agra for the day.Note: It takes 5 hours to drive to Agra from Delhi.There is a very good Bakery in the hotel. The prices are a little cheaper than in Australia but pricey by Indian standards. However the quality was excellent and ideal if you want a light snack in your room instead of a full meal for lunch or dinner. Mini bar items are overpriced like every hotel. Although the bottled water was probably the most extreme. I think it worked out at AU $5 for 1 litre bottle. You can buy the same cold at a roadside stall for less than 40 cents. (15 INR).However 3 x 500ml bottles of water are included in the daily room rate. One in the bathroom to brush your teeth and 2 with the complimentary tea/coffee items.The staff at Claridges were polite and efficient but I couldn't help feeling that they were always waiting for a tip. Being Australian I am not accustomed to tipping and do it badly. I feel uncomfortable when someone hangs around like a bad smell waiting for a tip. I also felt that they were doing no more than their job and did not warrant a tip (but perhaps that is an Australian attitude)The housekeeping facilities are very good, with sheets &amp; towels changed daily and toilettries replenished. The only issue I had was with the quality of the towels. I must admit to a towel fettish here, so you may discount my comments if you don't have the same fettish. The towels at Claridges were not up to spec. While they were soft, they were not particularly absorbent and you were left with a slightly damp feeling after using them.We didn't use the evening turn-down service as it was at 6-6.30pm when we were either in the shower or getting dressed for dinner and didn't want hotel staff in the room at that time.The internet speed in the Business Centre (3 computers and a dodgy printer in a shabby basement room) is very slow. It was not possible to attach photos or word documents to emails. The system would crash while trying to upload. Short emails were all that was possible. This was a pay per hour service.So overall: A beautiful, clean, well maintained hotel. The &quot;look&quot; of the hotel is opulent. Staff are polite &amp; efficient as long as your request is within their past experience. The negatives are the poor Internet facilities and the towels.	
Jun 1 2008 	Very nice hotel in a nice area	I had a very nice stay at this hotel. The room was nicely decorated with nice ammenities. There is a very modern-clublike bar. I ate at two of the restaurants....the cafe for several meals, and the spanish restaurant which as a very nice outdoor atmosphere. The food was good at both. The hotel arranged an excellant driver. The pool area is pleasant with good service.....I have no complaints with this hotel and would not hesitate to stay here again.	
May 8 2008	Mixed feelings	We were doing the Great Rail Journey Palace on Wheels trip so we stayed in this hotel 3 times and had 3 different rooms. First room on ground floor (2 nights) with doors into garden and pool area. Lovely room. Bed very hard! Noisy at night due to tiled marble corridor and lots of people moving about. Nice amenities - robes, slippers, etc. Second room a few nights later (1 night) was awful. Stained carpet, No window!!! When I opened the curtain it was just a blanked out window. Good job it was only for one night. Would not have put up with any more. Third room on our last night of the holiday was much better. Several people in our group had a similar experience, being in rooms where the windows were blanked out. The pool area is very nice but there were only 8 sunbeds when we were there. Not enough. The hotel is looking a little 'tired' in places. There were a number of areas that needed smartening up. However, the staff were lovely and service was great overall. Food was good. Try the pancakes for breakfast!	
May 2 2008 	Excellent hotel to combine business and pleasure	Very friendly and efficient service throughout our three day stay. Staff are discrete, personal and help you feel so welcome. Attentive to every need - Senate club very relaxing - a genuine stress buster. Large bright comfortable room. Pickwicks restaurant good value but can become crowded. Very European feel to this place and airconditioning is definitely efficient. If you are travelling in heat of summer this place should be good.	
Apr 19 2008 	Just right for arriving in India	We arrived in India and went straight to the hotel - it was luxurious, beautiful and felt nice and safe, just what you need when arriving in a foreign quite scary city. It has all the stuff we grew to expect - you have to tip everyone and the telephone sometimes didn't work and things that you expect to work like the shower button were a bit dodgy but - hey - it was actually the best of the Indian hotels in terms of comfort and facilities. I went and used their beauty parlour and had a head massage which was very cheap and very good. We ate in one of the onsite restaurants the first night - big mistake as it was very expensive and we wern't business people eating on the company account but tourists saving our pennies for other stuff. We actually stayed twice at the Claridges and the second time they upgraded us to a suite whcih was sumptuous and breakfast was in a special separate suite-people-only place (no riff raff - we fitted right in as you can imagine!) and we had room service then which was terrific - much cheaper than the restuarants and fantastic food beautifully presented. I would happily go again!	
Mar 22 2008 	Best part of two weeks in India	We were given the Claridge through our package tour. The lodging was a highlight of the trip thanks to the hospitality and facilities. We loved the food at the Senate Club and made friends with the staff there. Everybody at the reception was first-class. We loved our room and do not hesitate to recommend the Claridge.	
Mar 7 2008 	Oasis away from hectic Delhi	We stayed in 3 hotels and this one was by far the best one ! It felt like a real oasis once coming out of the very busy Delhi.Not cheap, we know, but worth it !The restaurants were very good (Sevilla a bit pricy but the location makes up for it) and we enjoyed cooling down at the Claridges after our hectic days in Delhi. Minus point : taxis. Drivers are not very reliable and they tend to cheat on customers. But yes, that's very common in Delhi. But luckily we found a company with drivers that were &quot;safe&quot; and who didn't hassle us at all. So with those &quot;safe&quot; taxirides we felt a lot more at ease.	
Mar 6 2008 	excellent hotel for first night in india	This was an ideal first night for the triangle tour we spent 2 days here and could not fault the rooms service or food.Room service was very efficient and the staff were all very pleasant. We spent our last night of the tour here in the club delux rooms fantastic breakfast served in private dining room very quiet and relaxing other hotels would do well to copy this idea. The only disappointment was the lack of an indoor pool and games room, but well done Claridges good value .	
Feb 21 2008 	excellent value for money.	This hotel is excellent value for money. The room was very large with a large balcony, complete with table &amp; chairs overlooking the side street. The hotel has a colonial feel and the staff are all friendly &amp; helpful. There is a large lawned area at the front where guests can sit at tables sipping tea &amp; watching the comings &amp; goings of other guests! The hotel is a little out of the way with no amenities within near walking distance but taxis can be quickly summoned by the doorman.	
Feb 13 2008 	Great hotel	I stayed here with a colleague at the beginning and end of our trip to India. I'm not sure I could really find fault with the hotel. The staff are friendly and efficient, the rooms are very clean and well stocked with little luxuries, and the food is good too. It's not quite as close to the centre of Delhi as the Imperial and not quite as grand, but I'd happily stay again.	
Jan 23 2008 	Loved it	We had 2 rooms booked and were very happy with them both. Family of 5. The decor is excellent and there is a lot of attention to details given in the rooms.Staff were attentive and polite.Will be going back there the next time we are in Dehli.	
Jan 14 2008 	We will be going back!	We are expats who travel from one part of India to Delhi regularly. We bring our little girl during our travels to Delhi so accommodation has to be close to home comfort as well as the feeling being spoilt. The Claridges gives us both. We have always liked boutique hotels no matter where we are around the world. The staff here is just amazing - very polite, accommodating and not -in-your-face. The whole hotel is very pleasant. We enjoy taking my little girl for a walk around the pool and the gardens, and every once in a while I feel like I am living in my very own mansion. We love the marquee on the front lawn - where we sit around and enjoy the lovely Delhi. The location is really central and we enjoy being accessible to many sites.	
Dec 30 2007 	Not bad but not the best	We (two couples) stayed here for our last night of a two week tour (basically the &quot;golden triangle&quot;). The hotel is in a peaceful , green and low density part of New Delhi - but fairly central. The check in was pleasant and efficient and our room much larger than expected and well equipped (TV, mini bar, bathroom) but surprisingly empty of furniture (bed, two chairs I think and that was about it). And, yes, we too had the &quot;cat's urine&quot; smell to contend with in the room (probably an ammonia-based cleaning product). I have experienced this before (in Puerto Rico) and the smell went after a few hours, but it wasn't great. We sat around the pool in the enclosed courtyard and were rather disappointed both by the time it took for tea to be ordered and arrive and by the somewhat surly refusal to serve beer &quot;outdoors&quot; (neither pool side nor on the front lawn). This was in stark contrast to The Park hotel a mile or so away where we stayed at the start of our holiday. There the pool side service was very rapid, very pleasant and without restriction. It seems that Claridges is subject to a local bye-law - but if The Park isn't bothered, why are they? On the plus side, the highlight of this hotel for us was Dharba, a mock-up of a truck drivers' road-side restaurant, with excellent food, very friendly (and humorous) staff and very reasonable prices. It was packed out the first night and almost as full the next - so book! The comparison with the appalling Bukhara restaurant (at the Sheraton) which we foolishly went to two weeks previously was extraordinary. At Dharba we paid something like 25% of the Bukhara's outrageous bill, for better food, much more efficient and friendly service and even got a knife and fork each (fingers are the rule at Bukhara!) We had to linger at the hotel after check out - until 11 pm - because our flight home was in the early hours. The hotel kindly allowed us to stay in the rooms till 2.30 pm without charge (we then went sight-seeing again). They also arranged two good modern cars to take us to the airport; without charging excessively. So, all in all, this was not quite as good as The Park but not a bad experience - and the Dharba takes some beating!	
Dec 20 2007 	Beats Le Meridien hands down!	We were meant to be starting and ending our honeymoon in India at Le Meridien-New Delhi but had to stay in The Claridges for the first couple of nights instead. We loved it straight away and didn't realise how spoilt we would be until we ended up in Le Meridien ten days later.The service in The Claridges was simply sensational as was the food. The staff were not surly as in Le Meridien but very friendly and professional. When looking for the beauty parlour, my wife was taken by a restaurant manager (of the Jade Garden, which I found to be excellent in spite of my not liking Chinese food) all the way to the other side of the hotel - this being in the middle of dinner service. We also had the best cocktails ever in the bar, where we were entertained by a thoroughly nice and very friendly barman. My wife said that their own &quot;Sip and Swing&quot; cocktail was the best she had ever had and I must admit I thought it was up there too. He even went to the trouble to arrange a table for us in one of their busy restaurants as we had forgotten to do this beforehand.The food in the hotel was far superior to anything in Le Meridien - Dhaba was brilliant, especially when compared to the Pakwan restaurant in the latter but also because not only were the staff so very nice on a busy night, the food was out of this world. I can also recommend the Dal Makhani in the Pickwicks restaurant.All-in-all, we wish we could have stayed here longer and definitely not in Le Meridien. The service there was disgusting and give me the 1930s-style elegance and far superior service of The Claridges over the really trendy but ultimately nothingness of Le Meridien anytime!	
Nov 30 2007 	An Oasis in Hectic Delhi	Claridges Hotel was a standout on a recent trip to Delhi. The hotel is in a beautiful residential area of New Delhi and is a modern hotel that recalls the glory days of the British Empire. Definitely a perfect location for an Agatha Christie mystery. This is a small hotel with a large garden and seems to be overstaffed, so service is excellent. Dont be surprised that many of the staff know you by name. The tour desk can be contacted by email prior to arriving and all travel/touring arrangements can be made for the duration of a stay. Our budget room, booked through Asiarooms.com, was well-decorated and the size of a good-sized ships cabin. However, other rooms were quite large. There are several restaurants, but we only had time and energy to eat at the grill for breakfast and dinner, which was ala carte or buffet. Free wireless internet is available in the rooms and throughout the hotel.In and around Delhi, the pace is quite hectic so after a long day it is refreshing to find the calm and restful atmosphere at Claridges. This hotel proved to be an excellent choice both in price, comfort and amenities.	
Nov 3 2007 	great stay	We spent our first two nights here of a 21 day India trip. We had booked a superior room, but were upgraded to a suite, although I am pretty sure the hotel was not fully booked. This is great service, that we much appreciated.	
Sep 30 2007 	Overpriced but good restaurant and bar	After staying at sub-par properties and viewing some downright disgusting hotels in India, we chose the Claridges as our last hotel in India. The room was clean and comfortable, the interior of the hotel is lovely and has character, but it could use some updating on the outside. That said, the Spanish restaurant was very good and the hotel bar was quite nice. We left paying US$400 for one night, a dinner and drinks for what I would consider a four star hotel. In India, apparently, this is a good value.	
Sep 27 2007	Three Rooms three different stars	We stayed here on a group tour this Sept. the first night our room was fabulous, the second night when we returned it was awful and smelled of cat urine and was much smaller, the third and final night of return, it was small but musty. I will say there breakfast and service was great. We ate in the Jade room on our final night and had a wonderful meal. They were great about exchanging different currency and making change.	
Sep 6 2007 	Mismanaged and needs rehab	I stayed one night in july. 2007 and four nights in august .2007. Both times, they gave me spacious rooms, 111 and 008, American second floor and first floor. The first time, i went in late. The room was very much OK., but next morning after showering, the bath room was, large though, overflowed with water from the shower, handheld spray and tub. It was awful. The same problem persisted in 008. I drew this to the attention of the management. They did some minor fixing like two bath curtains, loosened some diverter, etc. But the problem persisted and the last day, i took a meager wash. Room 008 is next to a parking lot and i could not open my drapes throughout to protect privacy. There were two half inch size flying insects one night. 111 had a fruit basket, but 008 had none. The hotel has a tendency to bill you high. The taxi from the hotel was four times more expensive than the local taxi. Forget the laundry, the price was higher than prices in USA.. Special restaurants like Sevilla were not attractive but pricey for no reason. The only one i ate was in their coffee shop, Pickwick, the canaloni was not consistent between white sauce and red sauce, but not bad. If you go to the Claridge, ask for Sankar rooms, 111 (and 008) or similar rooms. At least they are spacious and some are not next to parking lots and hopefully no overflowing bathrooms.. The hotel is intended for Americans who do not know there are forty rupees to the dollar. Siva Sankar, (fifty four year US citizen from US gold coast Nassau county, NY)	
Sep 4 2007 	A very pleasant hotel	6 of us traveled to India in January. Our first hotel was the Claridges. Our room was very pleasant and the location worked well for us. The highlight was the hotel restaurant Dhaba. And the bakery was quite good as well.	
Jun 7 2007 	Oh dear! Not going back.	Having had a wonderful and spoiling holiday all round India it was very sad to end up here for two nights. We arrived late and one room was OK but the other one smelt too terrible and was not the suite we had been promised. After a long time they offered to change it - like a similar reviewer it was another ground floor room near the booming DJ down the marble passage. None of the Indian charm or service that we had been given elsewhere was visible. Not a good place to start or end a holiday.	
May 13 2007 	Food poisoning plus other problems. Buyer beware!	To begin with...a number of problems that other reviewers have already noted:- the swimming pool and sorrounding area does not seem to have been updated since the 1950s, or thereabouts- I was initially given a room that looked on to a wall a few feet away, despite prior assurances via email that an internet booking did not mean getting the leftover rooms no one else wanted.- the room rate was very high relative to quality of amenities, and inferior to what other similarly priced hotels can offer in Asia (e.g Four Seasons). And to make matters worse, tax was charged on the rack rate, not the actual room rate I was paying (this was explained as government policy, which it may be).Now the more important stuff...The main problem was the food. On day three evening I was struck down by acute nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, stomach cramps, profuse sweating followed by cold shivers. Please note that I had not eaten anywhere outside the hotel since I had arrived from UK, so it could only be the hotel food. I should say that this was worst food poisoning I have ever had, I could not lift my head up from my knees for half an hour after the worst phase of diarrhoea. (I have travelled extensively in Africa and Asia, so my stomach has plenty of other experiences to compare this to). With some effort I was able to call a friend, and the hotel doctor (2 calls were needed before he arrived) and get some medicine to treat the problem. Although the worst was over by around midnight, the cramps continued through most of the night until whatever it was worked its way through my system. Two days later, when checking out (I only ate yogurt and bananas the rest of the time while I was there) I had to press the hotel management very forcefully (but politely) and publicly, in the lobby, to persuade them that they should reduce their charges in compensation for this painful experience. And I asked them to email me to let me know what steps they have since taken to make sure no other hotel visitors will go through the same experience in the future. They said they were already investigating the causes, and promised they would email when they had resolved the cause of the problem. But so far, three weeks later, I have yet to hear a word from them. I will be writing to them, to remind them of their promise	
May 10 2007 	Did not like this hotel!	Did not enjoy our stay in this hotel! It started while we were checking in: Internet booking clearly stated in writing that the rate of the room per day was 149:- USD per day, but they tried to charge 300:- USD per day! The pool was not as attractive as it could have been; art deco type of rooms might be fashionable in Delhi, but it is not the style we are looking for while staying in a hotel. All together: not impossible place to stay, but definitely not a place where I would stay again!	
Apr 22 2007 	GREAT PLACE TO STAY	Am i glad that i decided to stay in a hotel that is safe, central and good in all respects.the service is amongst the best i have experienced, staff is polite and helpful - nothing is too much. Their new restaurant, Saveilla, is to die for. the food is out of this world (book well in advance). the hotel is partty refurbished, a few dollars more is well worth it as they have all the great features.The breakfast at the senate (only for new club rooms) is superlative. We were there for 5 days and really enjoyed it.	
Feb 21 2007 	A nightclub not a hotel	Any hotel review in New Delhi should be prefaced with the caveat that &quot;India Rising&quot; has prompted a flood of business visitors into the Indian capital from all over the world. As a result, when it comes to quality hotel rooms it is a seller's market. Thus visitors should have no illusions that a $500/night room will get them value you'd find at a Four Seasons, Shangri-La or any other top tier Asian facility.When it comes to The Claridges potential lodgers should be aware that the hotel was recently sold (locals tell me that the family which sold it had been feuding and the place was allowed to deteriorate). However, the new owners still have a long way to go to get this place up to acceptable standards. When making my reservation I specifically asked not to be located near the ground floor Aqua vodka bar which is infamous for its blaring house music into the wee hours. You guessed it -- I was booked onto the ground floor about half way down the corridor. The floor of the hallway is marble and the corridor is arched, thus forming a wonderful acoustic amplifier. If you and a friend want to hold a conversation at opposite ends of the hallway, you will have no problem. If it's past midnight and you are trying to sleep ahead of an important morning business meeting then you will be miserable. The bass from the music can be clearly heard and inebriated patrons outside the door to Aqua or in the lobby will be audible inside your room. Yes, I did complain several times, but to little avail. Bluntly, the owners need to decide if they want to run a hip nightclub or an acceptable hotel. Those who also find an internet connection a priority in their hotel will be disappointed. The hotel offers a pay-as-you-go wi-fi service that is unreliable. The hotel also charges an extortionist 875 rupees per day for a 24-hour-long connection. That's nearly $20! I don't think I've ever paid that much at any hotel in the world and is certainly beyond the pale for a hotel in India with a sporadic connectibility. An alternative is to hunt down a staff member to log you on to one of the three computers in the business center for which they will also charge you. Other concerns: the key card for the door seemed to de-magnetize every couple of days or so. Cigarette smoke and other undesirable odors from the room adjacent to mine wafted in through the vents. The toilet paper dispenser was situated behind the toilet lid meaning some tricky maneuvers to comfortably carry out operations. Stained carpet in the room. Towels and bedsheets that smelled of smoke or had stains. The morning tea at the breakfast buffet tastes more like coffee (pots obviously interchangeable, ask for your own pot of hot water and tea bags instead). After several days here, I remarked to colleagues that staying at The Claridges was a part-time job in itself. On the positive side: the food is good in the restaurants. Wait staff are polite and efficient except for the infrequent glitch in orders. There's a Sunday brunch served on the front lawn. Aqua has the best selection of vodkas in New Delhi which you'll be able to enjoy before the DJ arrives and blasts you out of the bar. The hotel is centrally located. I previously stayed at the nearby Taj Ambassador which had a lower rate (not sure if that's the case any longer) and would recommend that over The Claridges. Unless you are hostage to this hotel as part of a tour package or can secure a room elsewhere besides the ground floor, you will definitely desire to give this place a pass at all costs, especially at the rates they are quoting these days.	
Nov 9 2006	great experiance	i had checked into the hotel mid october for 3 nights and i must say that it was quite good experiance.The staff was really nice and helpful.the rooms were excellent and were much beter than the rooms at the Taj or the Oberoi. I guess since the renovation has been done on the rooms the hotel had done a fabulous job. I celebrated my birthday along with my wife at the heotel must i say without my giving any such hints they organised an excellent dinner for the both of us with a bottle of wine along with the staff and the general manager's compliments. Recommend all to visit atleat once.	
Sep 23 2006 	best to avoid this hotel - go to Oberoi instead	My husband and I would not recommend the Claridges hotel. We stayed there for 3 nights (because we got a good deal), but it was not worth it. The front desk staff will try and scam you into upgrading your room and paying more in the luxury tax (12.5%). They overcharged us when we checked out by lying and saying the rack rate had changed for the whole hotel on our last night. It was extremely unprofessional and frustrating.Other negatives: the breakfast is not that good, the pool is dirty and not chlorinated (we were really disappointed about not being able to swim), the gym is small. We needed to call a particular cab company and the hotel kept trying to make us take one of the taxis that is based at their hotel.Some positives: our room was very large and clean, the Jade restaurant was just lovely.If you decide to stay at The Claridges, please be prepared to put up a fight and expect to be taken advantage of. We spent our last two nights in Delhi at the Oberoi Hotel (on golf course) and even though it cost a bit more, it is in a totally superior class. Everything was up front and absolutely perfect. We highly recommend booking here instead!	
Sep 15 2006 	Claridges - staff excellent  treat you like a Viscount	Stayed in The Claridges for 4 days. Excellent in every way; attentive friendly staff, scrupulously clean, excellent restaurant choices (Italian, Indian, Chinese ), trendy Vodka Bar ( especially on Wednesday and Friday). Taxi service was inexpensive and prompt, notwithstanding the infamous Delhi traffic. UN personnel guests brought added security checks, but it will be my home from home on future trips.	
Sep 5 2006	What a disappointment	Visiting India last week-we chose to stay for the first 2 days-and final day at The Claridges Hotel in New Delhi-primarily due to the location being central and their ability to provide 3 seperate beds in a room. Although the room was small -for the first 2 days-it was adequate-and we were told upon our departure that we could repeat this set up after our tour.. Upon arriving back after a long and tiring journey from Agra-we were informed that they only had the club room available-at a much higher rate. We were so tired that we had no choice but to accept this. Now read the following: Blood on the bedsheets, a shower that leaked so badly in the bathroom we had to use 6 towels to cover the floor so we didn't slip over (which they promised to replace but didn't), mould and damp on the walls-and the extra bed turned up at 11.30pm in the form of a badly damaged and dirty matress thrown onto the floor by 2 very rude staff members. Other highlights of the stay were 3 seperate occasions of being shortchanged by lobby staff when changing currencies (not by a few pounds either), completely wrong breakfast being delivered, damaged garden furniture with nails sticking out that ripped my friends trousers, rancid butter...oh what a wonderful 5 star experience. If you pay for what you get-we were seriously overcharged. I have stayed in modest guest houses in some of the poorest parts of Sri Lanka and have been delighted with the atmosphere, cleanliness, honesty and hospitality of these places-to these I shall recommend others and return myself....as for The Claridges my advice is simple: Avoid it-I shall!!	
Aug 25 2006 	Good Hotel let down by pool area	Spent 2 nights here having completed a 6 day tour round the area. The service from staff was the best on our whole 3 week holiday.Other reviews have mentioned the rooms and renovations taking place. The rooms were good, but out of the whole lot, only 8 face the pool area. I think as tourists we wanted to unwind around the pool having spent the previous days rushing round Rajastan. This part of the hotel wasn't 5 star and really needs sorting out. Having said that, I got the impression that's lots of it's guests are business people or Indian families, so gathering around the pool isn't as important as to themTry not to use the phone in the room either. I spotted a fraudulent transaction on my account and had to phone the bank straight away. I was charged 77 for a 24 minute phone call. So if you need to phone home, get a phone card!!	
Jul 30 2006	World Class	I recently spent several nights at the Claridges. The service is extraordinary and every employee is friendly and eager to be helpful. The hotel -- recently renovated -- is gorgeous and the location is great. Our meals at the restaurant hotels were first class and we got a great rate on the internet. Highly recommended!	
May 9 2006 	Great value for money!	The Claridges was a change from most hotels in the region. The rooms are large, cellings are high and amenities are morden and the most enjoyable thing is the natural light!!! We stayed for 4 days, whilst i was busy with business, my wife made the most of staying in heart of Delhi. The staff was friendly and helpful.	
Apr 19 2006	Terrible!!!!!!!	Although the 75% that has been refurbished is very nice indeed if like me you were stuck in the 25% that had not, expect to pay $225 for a large room with stained carpets, sofa and walls; a bathroom with cracked tiles and bath; half eaten trays of food left on the ripped carpeted corridor floor leading to your room and a very noisy air conditioner. On the plus side, they make very nice ice-cream coffee in the coffee shop. I appreciate that they are half way through updating but to continue to place people in these rooms and call themselves a 3-star hotel is a joke!	
Mar 29 2006	Not up to scratch for it's rating	We did not expect Claridges to be up to the standard of the Imperial and we were not wrong. The hotel was still undergoing some renovation work and we found ourselves awake most of the night listening to furniture and equipment being dragged around the room above ours, despite repeated calls to reception and a 1am visit from an in effectual duty manager, who at first denied any work was going on, until we were all nearly overcome with paint fumes!The themed hotel restaurant was suposed to resemble a roadhouse. The food was bland and the atmosphere phoney. Our bedroom was ok but the curtain was hanging off and the bathroom was too small. One to avoid!!	
Mar 28 2006	Poor just poor! The reception manager was really rude too!	I have re-read the reviews of this hotel - just in case I was misjudging this hotel unfairly. But no. My view, shared by many it seems, is that this hotel is hardly a 3 star. The main reception has been smartly redeveloped, but the rooms (which afterall are important, when all you really want is a comfortable, clean and secure facility for sleeping) supported by helpful staff and decent food too.But the reality of the Claridges is poor quality furniture - no hot water ever! Cramped small rooms which are overpriced and a restaurant that is bleak and lacking in any charm.However, what really differentiates this hotel is the really appalling response from the management when you had a serious problem - as regrettably we did. When we returned from a lovely dinner at the Imperial (not as expensive as some people would have you believe - and fab food/setting too) - we were shocked to find that some medicaton had been removed from our bedroom at the Claridges. I called the front desk and asked whether someone could possibly have accidentally removed them in error. The front desk / duty manager was disinterested and suggested that we might have lost the tablets ourselves. We rechecked and rechecked and could tell that our medicines had been removed (stolen, to be more precise). This is a very serious accusation to make, and not one that I make lightly.I asked to speak to the manager - this was now nearly two hours later and the hotel still had not done anything to try to address the problem. They refused to get the manager. The duty manager was hostile and aggressive.I asked for the police phone number as I now wished to report this to the police. He again refused. I asked several times and eventually managed to get the phone number myself and proceeded to report the theft personally.The police arrived and were very helpful. I was told there had been similar problems at this hotel, although could not confirm this myself. It was only through the insistence of the Police Chief that the hotel agreed to conduct an invesitgation and arrange for the tablets to be replaced.Three hours later (now the middle of the night) the hotel phoned me in my room (and woke me up) to tell me I could come to the front desk and collect replacement tablets. Unbelieveable.Still unbelieveable was that I went to the front desk - only to find that they had got the wrong medication.I ended my stay at this hotel several days early - and checked out of this hotel the next morning - in part because of the theft - but mainly because of the attitude of the Duty Manager.I should like to thank the police who were friendly, helpful and reassuring at all times. The hotel management should however be viewed with great suspicion. I would not recommend this hotel.	
Mar 22 2006	Okay for weary travellors	Although I was underwhelmed by the 70s facade and dreary designer-imitation lobby, the room was spacious and the bed an absolutely comfortable highlight. Our room didn't have a pool or garden view. We looked onto a parking lot. But to make up for it, we had 2 super size plasma televisions. I guess that cheered us up a bit. There was a bad smell in the room. My boyfriend thought it was from the teak floors - maybe the polish or something? It was pretty nasty.The bathroom was marble. Okay except that it didn't have a bath, and the hot water never ran hot or even very warm, despite many demands. The restaurant Corbett's was kind of fun and delicious. I did enjoy that. But the breakfast restaurant was just adequate. Overall, Delhi's not the greatest place anyway. If you've just gotten off a 20 hour flight from North America and you want somewhere to get over your jetlag for two nights, this is an okay choice.	
Mar 14 2006	here right now and not impressed	mmm Claridges...delusions of grandeur/identitiy crisis. NOthing special compared to many other top Indian hotels. Looking tatty in some areas. If they are doing some renovations fine, but there's no signage to indicate this. Over jealous staff lining up but that's normal I think!Had to move rooms as despite their promotional material stating that all guest rooms have a garden or pool view this is not the case. The solution they clean the marble floor with stinks pretty bad and has a nasty lingering latrine smell. I can also hear taps running and toilets flushing through the air con system.maybe I've been spoilt in other hotels..!	
Mar 9 2006	Nice hotel but a few problems	I spent 3 days at the Claridges in late Feb/early March '06. It's an older hotel that is undergoing renovation. I had a renovated room complete with plasma TV and electronically controlled lighting and drapes. The bathroom had a nice marble shower, and the entire room showed very nicely. While it showed nicely, not everything worked properly. Channels on the TV had to be switched manually, I think because no one could figure out how to program the remote. The shower door leaked and water flowed freely onto the floor. The air conditioning vent had very wide slots and flies constantly came through. Lastly, they use a ghastly cleaning fluid on the marble floors that leaves a terrible odor.The hotel has several restaurants and all are good, especially the chinese. Service is prompt and very friendly. Like other nice hotels in India, the staff tries almost a little too hard, and you are constantly saying no thank-you. There is a nice lawn with umbrella tables out front. Great place for a cigar and drink this time of year. If not for the odor, I'd give the hotel a third star.	
Mar 3 2006 	Claridges very subpar for the price		
Feb 26 2006	surprised at the quality of accommodation		
Jan 27 2006	Great hakka style food!		
Jan 19 2006	Beyond the raj		
Dec 31 2005	Very "Colonial"		
Nov 14 2005	Too expensive for what you get		
Oct 12 2005	Nice Delhi Hotel Without Going 5-star		
Sep 15 2005	Good hotel in nice neighborhood		
Jul 19 2005	Colonial		
Jul 13 2005 	Nice hotel to stay if you plan to visit the US Consulate		
Nov 9 2009 	que de bruit		
Oct 31 2009	Luxus pur!!!!		
Oct 15 2009 	Pas le meilleur de sa categorie mais bien situ et service efficace		
Aug 27 2009 	Ausgezeichnetes Hotel		
Aug 23 2009	impeccable		
Aug 23 2009 	pouvantable !!!!		
Aug 18 2008 	Buen hotel en una zona tranquila		
Aug 16 2006 	Un disastro		
