Jun 15 2009 	Service was atrocious; creepy place for women to stay	My friend and I stayed here as part of a Gecko's tour. Our room was cleaner than the Hotel Perfect (see my other review) but what really was astonishingly bad was the service. The staff were intent on a) getting tips from us and b) entering our room for various &quot;reasons&quot;. At one point one of the staff knocked on our door to tell us they had beer for sale (!). Each time we opened the door they tried to get into the room and I had to stand directly at the door to prevent this. When we arrived we offered the porter the standard tip for each bag that he carried to the room but he tried to tell us that it wasn't enough and even went so far as to take a 10 rupee note out of my hand without my permission! They scowled at any tip we offered for service and when we were in the cab just about to leave for the airport out of the blue they raised the cost of the taxi by 50 rupees! Stay in a nicer place, you deserve it!	
May 22 2009 	Best hotel in the area	Stayed for 3 nights. The room was clean and the staff was the best. They also had amazing food from room service. Quiet at night as well and close to the markets.Do check out punjab sweets as well. Good hotel, would recommend to anyone. The staff was exceptional. Oh and they also had Wi-Fi.	
Jan 21 2009 	Basic but good value	We stayed here for 5 nights in total (spread over three separate visits). It was organized for us as a part of a car and driver trip. It is what I would call a basic 3 star hotel. The room was clean and well serviced. While it didn’t have a window (looked onto an airshaft) it was quiet. Breakfast was included in our package, was served in the room and was OK. Could have upgraded it at an extra cost. Staff were friendly and helpful. The bed only had a bottom sheet and blanket but staff were happy to provide a top sheet.Location is OK. Relatively quiet street with markets at one end of street. A number of reasonable restaurants in the street and internet cafes nearby. Felt quite safe walking around in the evening. Is a 10 minute autorickshaw ride from Connaught Place. Autorickshaw drivers have trouble finding it so make sure you take a hotel business card with you.	
Nov 27 2008	DISGUSTING DUMP	This was the worst hotel experience in my life and I have been to about 60 countries during my travelling time. There was supposed to be an airport pickup in the deal - that did not happen and neither did I get a refund on my taxi fare to the hotel. Breakfast was supposed to be included and that did not happen either. The room had NO windows, the bed had a bottom sheet and on the top was just a blanket - no top sheet. I was supposed to stay 2 nights but I took a taxi into town and got a flight out of India for the next day. I was charged double the fee back to the airport than the amount I paid for a taxi to the hotel as well and it was driven by someone connected to the hotel. This hotel was listed on an International Hotel site and I have written to them about my concerns about this place and note that they are no longer on that site and for the sake of other unfortunate travellers like myself I am glad at least for that.	
Oct 28 2008 	A good middle range business/tourist hotel	This was our first stop in India and was organised through the tour company. There was nothing wrong with this hotel, the rooms were clean, the staff were friendly and honest, and the location was quiet at night.I left all of my valuables, which amounted to a few thousand dollars US, in the care of the front desk. I was a bit worried when they didn't give me any receipt but shoved it in a locked draw. No problems when I got it back as everything was still there.It was only about 50m away from the main shopping street and if you need a landmark then &quot;Punjabi Sweets&quot;, a very busy street side eatery, is in the same lane.	
