Feb 25 2008	worst hotel in delhi	dont stay here ,even if they pay you,dirty ,smelly, noisy, dusty, insecure, uncomfortable.do not touch anything in this hotel as it will break,if not already damaged.plasma tv in lobby is only thing that works.worst bathrooms,wash hands after touching taps, beds dirty uncomfortable.	
Jan 8 2008 	Reasonable hotel	We spend few days at Yuvaraj Delux and stay was pleasant though the hotel is located in a not so good place. The roads are narrow and congested.The hotel management and staff were well mannered. It was worth for Rs.1100 per night. Donot expect the kind of facilities and ambience that you would expect in a Budget or long stay hotels in US in any Budget hotel in India. The travel desk people were good, but I learned that their role in arranging trips are limited to collecting their cut on the trip cost and they have no role for rest of the trip. I booked 2 trips with them, one for a city tour and another one to Agra and was not satisfied with either.Single day City Tour: The places they include as part of the tour cannot be completed in a days time at all. An advise for anyone visiting Delhi is to travel by Delhi Metro and get down at nearest tourist point. Delhi Metro is a stones throw from Yuvaraj Delux ( at Ajmeri Gate) and for that matter from any hotel in Paharganj or Arakashan Road . Metro does not have a reach to all of Delhi but can take one to the nearest point and from there other conveyance say a taxi or auto can be availed. I think metro is operational from 6 AM to 11 PM. Metro takes you to places within Delhi cheaper and faster and it is clean and well maintained. The max ticket in metro from one end of city to other comes to around Rs.20. There are tourist passes in metro which comes at one day pass for Rs 70 and 3 days pass for Rs 200. With these passes one can make infinite travels for one day or 3 days in metro. These passes are meant solely for tourists.Single Day Agra Tour: This was horrible. They charged Rs 450 per head. Never ever avail of this tour to Agra. 12 hours will be consumed commuting itself. The bus operators donot know how to operate tours. For lunch/dinner/break fast they stop at the worst restaurant (where the bus staff gets the best cut) . You start at 6 AM from Delhi and reach Agra by 12 noon and will be taken to Red Fort and will get hardly 1/2 hour there. Then they take you to some Handicraft emporium which is a waste of time.(If you buy something from the emporium the bus guys get the commission). Then you are driven to TajMahal . TajMahal is too crowded (during Dec-Feb) and it takes around 2 hours in the queue to get into the Taj. Avoid a trip to Taj during Dec- Feb if possible. You get hardly 1 hour in Taj and by then its time to start off to Delhi. The bus will next take you to Mathura and Vrindavan which are holy places of birth of Krishna and then to Delhi. By the time you reach Delhi its around 2 AM next day. Its a tiring trip where you spend hardly 2 hours seeing places and is NOT AT ALL WORTH IT. A better option is to book a Hotel in Agra, take a train to Agra from Delhi,(New Delhi railway station is walkable distance from Paharganj/Arakashan road) stay for a couple of days in Agra, see Red Fort and Taj. Never take the one day trip option provided by travel desk of any hotel in Delhi. Its a waste of money and time and is tiring. All in all I would recommend Yuvaraj Delux to anyone looking for a budget accomodation in New Delhi.	
Nov 16 2007 	what a mess!	I arrived at midnight. The staff are not so welcoming. After waiting at reception for 10 mins with my backpack, the bellboy asked for it only when I was given the key for my room! And I did not hear a thank you for the tip.. All the staff tried hard to sell me some drinks even tough my refusal many times.There are no pillow covers. The bed sheet was so dirty. There was no towel or soap in the bathroom. It is very basic. This hotel is the worst I stayed in India!	
Oct 18 2006	Nice Service!	Thank you for your hospitality and support. I feel very comfortable all staff were very friendly.	
Sep 13 2006	Awful place!	We stayed in the Yuvraj for four nights. There was nothing &quot;Deluxe&quot; about it: the room and bathroom were dirty. the bed was dirty, the staff was rude and it got even worse when we refused to book a tour. We noticed that they went in our room while we were gone - at least they didn't touch anything of our stuff. But they did't take they rubbish out or changed linen either. It was also awful loud: from morning till 11 at night they were repairing stuff around the house and there was a phone rining in the hall even at night.The shower was not working and warm water was not available.The pictures we saw in the Internet were totally misleading. It din't look like this at all but all shabby and dirty.I would recommend staying somewhere at Connought Place. It does not take long to get to New Delhi Railway Station from there and it is so much nicer there.	
Jan 19 2006	Total misrepresentation and disgusting	Firstly my booking was supposed to include a free airport pick-up but the hotel owner insisted I paid 400RPs. I booked a room for 3 adults - my son, myself and my husband so naturally expected a double and a single bed or 3 singles but there was only one double bed. When we asked what had happened to the bed the porter arrived with a damp mouldy stained mattress and plonked it on the floor at the end of the bed - needless to say my son refused and sat up all night. I also sat up all night as i couldn't bring myself to sleep in the dirty bedding. The outside of the hotel doesn't look too bad but the rest is like rising damp. The room was disgusting and bore no resemblance to the photos on the internet, infact I do not believe it's the same interior. It was grimy, curtains hanging off the rail, paint peeling off the walls and a filthy antiquated bathroom with no hot water. I would love to know where the recommendation by Loney Planet came from and love the bit about &quot;deluxe hotel at budget prices&quot;! If I had stayed here at the beginning of our travels it would have put me off India for life. This was a very bad end to an otherwise lovely holiday.	
Dec 8 2005	Really bad hotel in a bad part of town	Looking at some of the previous reviews, I do not see how anybody could use the word &quot;excellent&quot; to describe any aspect of this hotel. It was among the worst places I have ever stayed. The difference between the internet description and pictures of this hotel vs. reality is like night and day. The bedsheet (yes, that's bedsheet, singular, because there is no top sheet) looked dirty and the towel was worn and dirty looking. The hot water in my bathroom did not work. A room with a western toilet was not available. It was an extemely noisy area with constant horns honking. I did not find the staff friendly or helpful. My advice to anybody staying in New Delhi is to splurge and go for one of the better hotels (even if it means breaking your budget) because the low-end hotels are worse than you can imagine.	
Dec 6 2005	Do not stay here!!	This hotel is dirty and noisy, the staff are rude and the in house 'travel agency' will not leave you alone until you have bought one of their tours.While we were glad for our car and driver who we booked there we did spend the rest of the holiday feeling completely ripped-off, as did just about every other tourist we met.Do yourself a favour and do not stay in this hotel or anywhere in this area, instead I would recommend that you book a homestay.I have a strong suspicion that the glowing reports on this site were written by the hotel, or customers forced into it - as we were when told to write a recommendation for our driver!	
Nov 13 2005	What do you expect for $15	This is basically a budget hotel and it would seem that budget in India costs more than anywhere else! As with most of the hotels in this area they have spent all of their money on making the reception look nice and have forgotten to renovate the rooms. Our room was dark but pleasantly quiet, the carpet was old and the bathroom hadn't been cleaned in about 50 years. Oh and the bed was hard! At first we were highly annoyed but when you consider that all the hotels in this pricerange/area are the same we probably got a reasonable deal in terms of how quiet our room was. The reception staff seem to leave you alone but the &quot;in house travel agency&quot; was very pushy. We did not use them. Internet good value at 20 INR per hour.	
Nov 6 2005	Don't believe the two previous reviews!	We booked into the hotel after reading the two very positive reviews on the Trip Advisor site. Not only were the rooms dirty, run down and loud but then the staff was loathe to let us check out the next morning - we managed it after one hour. The harrassment in this hotel was definitely on a level with some of the worst we encountered on our India trip.	
Jul 18 2005	Value For Money	Hotel Yuvraj Deluxe is an excellent hotel. The staff was friendly and helpfull. Connaught Place and Janpath are 15 min. walk away. I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel	
Jul 9 2005	best value for money along with best friends	I had a very pleasent and enjoyable trip to india recently. I not only enjoyed the indian food ,also liked the city of Delhi very much. I had a very wonderful experience at the hotel Yuvraj Deluxe where i stayed.	
