Aug 12 2009 	Hardly luxury but not that bad	We stayed at the Broadway on two separate occasions as part of a recent tour to India. We had two different rooms - one at the back looking towards the mosque and another on Asif Ali road side. This is a reasonably budget hotel located on the edge of Old Delhi. The rooms we stayed in were of an acceptable standard -not exactly luxurious but you get what you pay for. The air-con worked (which in July was essential). The bathroom was clean. We had a friend who stayed in a single room which did not have a window - which would have been a bit depressing. So watch out for that.I would agree with other reviewers that the hotel is noisy. If you're at the back you get the call to prayer from 2 mosques. At the front there is the incessant beeping of Delhi traffic. The best thing about the hotel was the restaurant - which has won awards for kashmiri food recently. The bar upstairs was pretty grim though - no window and therefore smelled stale.	
Jun 19 2009	good place	It was anice place to stay. You could enjoy a nice place to live as well as a nice location to wander about. So, i liked the place while my stay with some of my friends.We had a great time out there.	
Jun 8 2009 	Veeeeeeery noisy...	I would never go back to sleep, I would go back for dinner, the restaurant is very nice, the staff is helpful, however the hotel is very old, and being wakep up by the mosque every morning at 6 am is not my cup of tea.	
Mar 11 2009 	quite surprising	It's not a particularly quiet hotel to be honest. We seemed to be lucky in that we got one of the rooms in the back with a view of the Mosque which was entertaining. It's a beautifully furnished hotel and has a certain old world charm to it.The service we received was quite good. We had to leave at 7:30 to continue onto Agra and the staff very kindly gave us some breakfast (we were a bit too early for the buffet breakfast).Thugs Bar is also quite fun :) We wanted to try the restaurant in the hotel as well but didn't get there (going by all accounts its meant to be fantastic!)	
Sep 21 2008	Two weeks at the Broadway	I stayed at the Broadway for the last two weeks of July 2008 with a large group. My room was on the top floor, at the back overlooking the Jama Masjid. My sense is that the quality of the rooms varies a bit. The folks in front complained of traffic noise, particularly those on the lower floors. There are also rooms in the middle of the hotel that have no exterior windows, just opaque glass facing the corridor. You must get used to it, because no one seemed to complain about this. My room was lovely. It was very light, small but clean and bright. The bathroom had ample water pressure and hot water, though the shower usually took a minute to warm up. The air conditioning was quite powerful, maybe a touch too cold. It is true that the hallways have no AC vents, but enough cold air vents from the rooms to keep the halls relatively comfortable.The staff were prompt in providing room service, and kept the rooms clean over the two weeks. They did not pester us at all, but that may be because there was no point in pestering a group or because the hotel was full, so they were making money any way. Laundry was cheap, and returned same day, but be careful with delicate fabrics, as most drying in India is done by Iron (and sometimes the laundry did come back a bit damp). The mosque behind the hotel does call the neighborhood to prayer in the early morning, but I found this charming. Sometimes I woke up and listened drowsily before rolling over and going back to sleep, and sometimes I didn't wake up at all. On weekends all of the children of the neighborhood get out on the roof tops and fly kites. From our room we could literally see hundreds of them. Also on the weekends on the street in front of the hotel there is a used book fair. My sense is that if you are looking for a hotel that is inexpensive and not in Paharganj, the Broadway is a good bet. The attached photos show our room. There are also pictures that earlier posters added of a room decorated by a French designer who stayed at the hotel. Fear not, almost all of the rooms in the hotel share our decor and not the loud multicolor decor of that room.As for food, we ate breakfast in Chor Bizarre every morning. The breakfast buffet was was more than adequate, though the restaurant was a bit dim for a morning meal. Every morning featured hard boiled eggs as well as either omlettes or fried eggs. Also at least one curry, cereal, toast, juice, tea or coffee, and on some days fried veggie cutlets or samosas. There was fruit juice and they will bring bananas on request. It is true that there was no other fresh fruit, but this is India. We were also fed lunch in a conference room, which gave us a sample of what the kitchen can do. Suffice it to say that lunch was generally excellent, and I'm sure that those eating at the restaurant for lunch or dinner would agree. As for the bar, Thugs, yes, it is a bit of a dive. Who wants to go to India to drink?As for location, a tuktuk to CP or New Delhi station/paharganj cost 60 Rs. The Muslim neighborhoods behind the hotel are interesting to walk in, but better to go in a group. I saw no obvious dangers, but one of our more intrepid members did come down with a nasty virus.The Broadway is not the lap of luxury. But it is a solid mid range hotel in the heart of Delhi that exceeded my expectations and is definitely better than most of the reviews here would indicate.	
Sep 9 2008 	Disgusted with Broadway hotel Delhi	I stayed here in a mixture of rooms for approx 4 nights - 2 nights in cheaper rooms which were dirty, noisy and old so upgraded to most expensive rooms at front which had been refurbished for far greater price only to find out that they too were noisy (as all rooms are adjoining with thin wooden internal door so you can hear everything from other rooms), no hot water for days, sheets covered in human hair. A complete arogance by staff and careless attitude of management when we complained. The bar is seedy as they come, food overpriced and general hotel over-rated. Were going to stay 2 weeks but left after 4 nights. I was sick of being harrassed daily by staff to buy a service from them either a taxi, a tour, a driver etc - even being told it was dangerous to go out alone, rubbish! Wouldnt return here ever, save your money and go elsewhere where they want your business and treat you like a guest rather than an inconvenience.	
Aug 31 2008 	jack hammer broadway	I read all the reviews and tried to keep an open mind. I have stayed in some hell holes. So I was ready for anything. I was even ready for the bully attempt to make you buy expensive tour packages or when leaving finding added charges you did not make. So we arrived at the airport and please try to remember to go over to the front entrance of the airport ,thats where the taxi they send will pick you up. When we arrived in the lobby everything went smoothly I was so surprise. They took us up to our room where the hall was cluttered with carts I got worried until we entered the room. spacious beautiful bathroom. comfortable large bed.tv. loved it. overlooked the mosque enjoyed call to prayer. The only thing that was not so great was the work that was going on in the mornings the sounds of jack hammers. but after a while you tend to ignore it. the area is rather disappointing but cabs are plentiful. the resteraunt chor Bizarre was very busy and the food seemed more for tourist but there are really good vegetarian places only a few blocks away. I totally would go back ,really enjoyed my stay.	
Jul 6 2008 	Hotel Broadway	We really enjoyed our stay at Hotel Broadway. The room was OK (the view was nice, but the room was quite noisy), the breakfast was great and the staff were very friendly. We ate at the restaurant (Chor Bizarre) several times and really loved everything we ordered, in particular the gulab jamun.	
Mar 5 2008 	Common areas look great ......	This hotel was booked as part of a package tour of Rajasthan and Agra. It lived up to most of the reviews - an average sort of place. The common areas were quite clean and attractive, including the breakfast room. The room itself was fairly large, with twin beds, and nicely appointed. It looks like the furniture and fixtures were recevently updated, although the walls were stained. The bathroom shower sprayed a fine mist, but the vent vents into the hallway, so not only is your privacy compromised, but you'll also hear everyone / everything in the hallway. The room was not well insulated, so we could hear honking horns all day and all night as well as the barking and howling dogs. For those in need of English language television, there are about 80 cable stations of India and English language programming. The airconditioner worked, but the heater seemed a bit lacking, so ask for extra blankets if you're cold.The breakfast was pretty skimpy - toast, thin oatmeal, hardboiled eggs, bread, potatoes, artificial juice, tea and coffee. On the second day, fried eggs were also available, as well as cold cereals. The cleanliness was a bit suspect as we saw the staff wipe the used plates and cutlery and replace them on the table ...... using the same cloth that just wiped off the table ! However, perhaps because it was the start of our trip, this lack of cleanliness did not have an immediate effect on our digestive system (that would come later in the trip).We didn't get a chance to eat dinner there, although the guides and drivers remarked that the food was supposed to be quite good.The front desk staff was accommodating in making change for us and made us feel welcome.	
Feb 16 2008 	Inexpensive and just OK	My son and I had dinner at the hotel's much praised restaurant, Chor Bizarre, in 2004. It was outstanding, a Mughal feast. For that reason I decided to stay at the Broadway on my solo October 2007 visit. I thought I might take all my meals at the Chor.The restaurant was a diappointment. Breakfast offered just two kinds of eggs -- scrambled one day, hard boiled the next -- and few other dishes. The entrees I ordered at lunch and dinner were good, not great.My single room had one window: it looked out onto a corridor. Actually, my two rooms. Without explanation the staff moved me after two nights -- to the room next door.My first room was designed to appeal to a six-year-old. Its curtains were decorated with cartoon characters, as was its bedspread and other items and parts of the room. Since the bed was a single, I wondered if many young children checked in alone.Aside from a bed, the room also had a chair and table (the latter attached to a wall), a small closet, a full-length mirror (decorated with cartoon characters), and a safe.The bathroom was quite modern -- and also very cramped.The Broadway's location is a bit distant from Connaught Circle -- about half-way between Connaught Circle and Old Delhi -- but since Delhi is so spread out, that's not really a disadvantage.A clear advantage is price: having paid between US$200 and US$300 on my previous trip, the Broadway's US$80 rate was quite welcome.	
Feb 10 2008	Great location	I've just spent a couple of days at the Broadway. It's on Asaf Ali Rd right next to Delhi gate and is ideally located for exploring Old Delhi,Jama Masjid and the Red Fort. All the drivers seem to know it so you'll have no trouble with directions.I had room 14 - a single room which was windowless. It was, however, clean and the bathroom was well equipped with regular clean towels. It's a bit basic, I suppose, and you couldn't call it luxurious but the downstairs restaurant is excellent and always busy with Indians and foreigners alike. Staff were likeable enough and more than happy to arrange pick-ups and suchlike.Would I stay there again? - mmmmm, dunno. At that price range I dare say it's fair value for Delhi but it was a wee bit characterless.	
Feb 4 2008 	It smells bad!!!	We were 9 persons staying at this hotel for some days.I booked there because I had read about it in a Lonley Planet Guide, but we did not like it because:- The single room had no window!- Outside our room there was a mosque (very noisy very, very early in the morning!!)- The staff was not very friendly or helpfull.- Yes, the rooms had A/C but the corridor and the lift were hot!- But most of all: Everywhere there was a very bad smell....But when all this is said I have to add that the location was good. We walked in the small streets behind the hotel and it was near several places - we could go by rickshaw or Tuk-Tuk in a few minutes.I will not recommend this hotel - it must be easy to find a better one!	
Jan 17 2008 	value for money	this hotel was good value, not luxurious but good size room, good shower room, nice and clean, clean sheets and towels, attatched to chor bizzarre restaurant which is very nice!	
Nov 27 2007 	Cheap but not again	I got a good price, and didn't have that high expectations. If I had been staying for longer I would have asked for another room. I got a a windowless room, which is the dirtiest hotel room I've ever received. With a cockroach, previous guests hair, dust, and so on. The bed was very hard. And the door had a huge gap under neath so all sounds in the corridor could be heard. There was also a call too prayer at sun rise. I slept very poorly the 2 nights in the hotel. But I've also heard from the other guests that there is a big difference in the rooms. So be sure to check what you get. That said they were very helpful. They organized breakfast before opening hours for me and a tour group. I was slightly worried about eating in the Chor Bizzare restaurant, given the cleaning level in my room. But it was excellent, with very nice staff, and good food. Try the saffron, semolina desert. This was in the hight of turist season with a Indian Pakistan cricket match, and a lot of fairs in Delhi so all the hotels where rather full.	
Nov 24 2007 	Quirky clean and comfortable	When we arrived at the Broadway early in the morning we were shown to room 26. This room had clean beds and clean bathroom facilities with reasonable aircon. Other than that it was pretty shabby. When we had slept and got up to go out of the hotel, the receptionist advised that our 'superior room' was now ready. We were shown to a very smart room, spotlessly clean (room 22) at the front. It felt like we were in a different hotel. It's worth checking to see what room you are in. The road outside however, at the front, was really noisy. Vehicles going all night. On balance it was a great place to stay. I can't comment on the value for money as it was part of an inclusive deal. The restaurant was good, always busy, you need to book yourself a table. Breakfast included a choice of hot food and the usual toast, cereal etc. The staff were a little stiff (in that slightly brusque Indian kind of way) but after a couple of days they were really friendly. Prices for the phone and room service were cheap, i'd expect to be paying over the top in Delhi.	
Sep 30 2007 	Not a good experience	I booked this hotel after reading the one good review on tripadvisor and reading in various guidebooks that this hotel was a good value. I disagree. Although the hotel succeeded in providing us with a reliable pickup at the airport (we then used that driver for our tour of the Golden Triangle) for what we paid we did not get a good value. The hotel placed us in a room that was next door to a room that was being gutted. This meant we were woken up at 8:00 am every morning while we were on holiday by hammering, men talking, and sounds of drywall and plaster coming down three feet from us. After looking into the room next door, it was apparent that we were sleeping next to potentially unhygenic conditions, there was a pile of trash, drywall, plaster, and cement blocks in the room.Breakfast was less than desirable, the restaurant was dark and gloomy with a buffet that was questionably fresh. Suprising coming from such a highly rated restaurant, Chor Bizarre. Needless to say we did not eat dinner there. The area is convenient for sightseeing around Old Delhi but honestly it doesn't matter as you should hire a driver while in New Delhi to alleviate yourself from the frustration of traffic and getting ripped off by taxis and rickshaws.Overall we would not return to this hotel. The hotel room was clean, but given the conditions of the room next door (two feet from our beds) I would not pay US$100 for this room. It was worth perhaps US$30 at the most.	
Apr 12 2007 	Great little hotel	Stayed at the Broadway hotel for two nights on arriving in Delhi, after reading good reports about it in the Lonely Planet guide. Its very close to the Red Fort, and Chandni Chowk ( a maze of narrow streets and alleyways full of shops and Indian life.) The rooms in the hotel are clean , with air-con, and very good bathrooms. Times of India delivered to your door every morning. The front desk changes money at a reasonable rate. The famous &quot;Chore Bizarre&quot; restaurant lives up to it's name, excellent food, wine and service!! There's even an antique car on which breakfast is served from! The &quot;Thugs&quot; bar serves just about anything you can think of. It wasn't the Ritz, but a very good value 3 star hotel. I paid about £20 for the room and a decent breakfast. All in all, a great little hotel.	
Nov 10 2009 	??????????		
Nov 20 2007 	a evité		
