Oct 5 2009 	Not bad	The best thing about hotel Singh Sahib is its location very near to the Karol Bagh main market and metro station. This was my only criteria to book this hotel.Apart from location, this place has nothing much to offer. The staff was untrained and sounded a bit fishy. The rooms were small and bathroom even smaller. Its located in a semi-residential area and initially I had problems in locating the place. This place is only recommended for individual stay for 1-2 days in Delhi.	
Apr 30 2009 	Ideal location in KarolBagh with posh Interiors	About the Hotel : I got to know about this hotel through my freinds who had stayed there before. I was looking for an ideal place to stay thats not too expensive (within 2K INR per double room) and at the same time nearby shopping areas of Delhi. Rooms with good interirors are always my choice when it comes to staying with family. This hotel excelled my expectations interms of interiors.Location : This is very near to the famous Karol Bagh market. Its a five minute walk to the shopping area. The hotel is located in a nearby side lane thats not too posh. The metro station is about 15 minute walk or rs 20 by auto. Food : The room service did take sometime but the food was of good quality. There is NO complimentary breakfast in this hotel. Service : The room boys had a smile on them when they attended to us and the reception desk was always ready to offer help. I would say that overall they were very helpful and courteous.In a nutshell: If you travelling with family or on business and looking for a hotel with excellant interiors and a convenient location , then this hotel will be one of my recommendations...	
Feb 8 2009 	Don't bother	I would highly recommend NOT staying at this hotel when you're in Delhi. It was our very first stop after flying in and probably the least welcoming hotel I've ever stayed in. The staff were rude and always yelled at each other, with the noise echoing right up the stairwell. Our room was tiny and dark, with no window and an overflowing toilet. We asked for the toilet to be fixed and someone came in and did something to it then demanded a tip, even though the toilet was clearly not fixed. The staff also tried to overcharge us for food and drinks that we had, claiming that the menu listed an incorrect price. We had no hot water and no room to move and couldn't wait to get out of there. Karol Bagh, though quite interesting, is not a good area to stay in as it's hard to get around and takes awhile to get anywhere. There are also lots of hotels in the area and no auto rickshaw driver ever knew where we wanted to go, so of course they tried to just drop us off elsewhere. On our way back through Delhi we stayed at the Eleven guesthouse, which cost a bit more but not that much and it managed to completely restore our faith in Delhi being a good place to visit. Steer clear of the Singh Sahib.	
Mar 3 2008	Stay somewhere else	By the second night, we were calling this the &quot;Hotel Suck Sahib.&quot; It's dirty, it's noisy, and it's located in a crappy area with nothing interesting to do and a long tuk-tuk ride between you and anything worthwhile. After every excursion, we had trouble getting back to the hotel because none of the tuk-tuk drivers could find it, even with the hotel's card and map. It took an average of four stops for directions to actually find the place.If you absolutely must stay here, at all costs avoid room T-2. It's on the top floor and shares a wall with the kitchen, which means you will hear chopping, clanging, and crashing all night long, in addition to the loud voices and radio of the kitchen staff. It's marginally quieter on other floors (unless the staff starts moving furniture at 4 am, which happened during our stay), but the rooms are still dirty and uncomfortable. If you're going to stay in a crummy budget hotel, at least make it somewhere more conveniently located than this dump.	
Jan 17 2008 	Small room and no opening window	Location of the hotel is pretty near the sky train station. The room is quite small. There is no chair inside the room. The window does not open. Air ventilation is bad. Luckily the ceiling fan was working ok. We had to wait about 10 mins. to get the hot shower. At the time we stayed, there was no restaurant in the hotel. The mangement said it was being renovated. We were served american breakfast at our room for 100 rp. But the breakfast was rather bad. The toast was hard. Coffe was only warm.	
Dec 25 2007 	Not bad could be better	We stayed in the hotel for 2 nights in December. The hotel is a midrange hotel ( paid Rs. 2200). Our room was clean and spacious enough to accomodate our family of two adults and one child on the bed (although we thought the bed could have been a bit longer to accomodate our feet as well..:)..) and had room for an extra bed. The bathroom was clean and had running hot water, a necessity during this part of the year in Delhi. They were willing to provide in-room service for the items on their menu while the in-house restaurant was being planned. We had breakfast in the (Bikanerwala) Angan restaurant nearby and ate a very reasonably priced fresh local Indian meal . There was also a good travel agent in the neighborhood from whom we hired a taxi for local Delhi sightseeing for a day.Pros: Courteous staff, good location, clean room and bathroom; Cons: Very poor noise insulation, from our hotel rooms (on the first and second floor) could hear noise in the corridor and the reception (which is why I am rating this hotel average)	
Dec 14 2007	Very nice new hotel in Karol Bagh	(Our stay December 2007)We walked out on the lousy Hotel Metro Heights. We packed our stuff and walked right next door to the Singh Sahib hotel. I think my Indian friend was learning by now as he said that the Singh Sahib was a little more money and all they had left was a suite, but that was OK as it was more important that we were comfortable where we stayed.In the Singh Sahib, we were placed in a suite on the 1st floor right behind check in. It appeared that the hotel looked new and they were still renovating a little. The restaurant was still not complete. However, the room was large and clean and new and had a working AC. It also did not reek of cigarettes. Unfortunately I’m not sure how long it will stay that way as the hotel apparently appeals to smokers. I chastised a Chinese guest stepping off the elevator with a lit cigarette and his response was that there was no sign. I was sure that not smoking in an elevator was a universal courtesy?As I said, the room was new, cleanly marbled and freshly painted. As nice as it was there still were some quirky problems. First, although everything appeared clean, the workers neglected to clean the walls around the toilet, just a small oversight. Also, they had a cheap temporary curtain that went across the bathroom covering the shower and tub. This we found was prone to come down easily. There was hot water, but it took a while to show up. There were frequent electricity outages, but only for a minute or two.The soaps were the best quality we found during our travels in India. They brought extra towels on request. There was no mini bar in the room. Breakfast was included but because the restaurant was closed, we had to order by room service. There was a small glitch in getting the food, but it finally came. We had to then ask for silverware and napkins. We were surprised to find French toast on the menu, but it came plain and they offered no syrup. We went to compliment the front desk and apparent owners on the quality of the hotel and rooms. We were told that they must have the cheap curtains in the bathrooms as the Indian guests bathe with the bucket and cup, splashing the water over their bodies to rinse and in the process drench the room. They really were not interested in talking to me. When I asked to take a couple of pictures of another room to post on TA, they refused and handed me a pamphlet saying I could see the pictures there.The one thing that really upset me about this hotel was the scam the owners appeared to be playing on their guests. I’m not sure if it actually hurt the guests, but it was probably more to shield their income from the government. I watched as they appeared to overcharge one of the Chinese guests checking out. She was tough and those guys were not going to get one over on her. When she asked for a receipt, they tried to talk around the subject, and finally went to write a receipt on a piece of note paper. The girl insisted on an official invoice and they finally succumb. It was funny when she asked why they had to play all of these games for which they replied with a sly meekish smile. Unfortunately I still think they were up to something as they gave her the original and kept the copy receipt. I did not realize they did the same thing to my travel agent friend who paid the bill for me. When I was later telling him about the Chinese girl, we looked at our receipt and found they had done the same thing to him. We went back later to reclaim our bags being held for us after check out, and made them give us a proper invoice.Again this place is right next door to the Hotel Metro Heights. Both have front desk people that are plenty rough around the edges, but the Singh Sahib is ten times better. The Singh Sahib maybe a bit more expensive and the rooms may be a bit smaller, but for the few extra dollars I'd stay here and not ruin my vacation at the Metro Heights. Just make sure to ask for an official receipt when you leave.	
