Nov 14 2009 	Spacious clean and good service	Stayed at this hotel while on holiday in Delhi. Female traveller alone. This hotel was away from the centre of Delhi so make time to travel in and out. Rooms are spacious, modern. Service was prompt and the food was good.Pool area is a bit run down and not very well attended. As a single lady the attention at breakfast was a bit too much - lots of staring and people coming out of the kitchen to look too. Another downside was the lack of hot water in the afternoons; had to wait until 6pm each day. I all a good hotel where single females will feel okay.	
Aug 10 2009 	Good for our one night pre-flight stay	We stayed at the Claremont because we were looking for a reasonably priced, clean comfortable hotel near the Delhi airport. Distance-wise, the hotel is not that far, however it took us 40 minutes to drive to the airport at 7:15am on a Monday morning. We had planned for at least that amount of time, so it wasn't a problem. The hotel also allowed for us to have 3 adults and 2 children in one room. When making the reservation it stated we'd have 2 beds. Our room had 1 King and 1 twin bed that was brought in, so it really only slept 3 comfortably. The room was clean apart from a few stains on the carpet. One bothersome thing regarding the room was that there was no deadbolt and no latch on the door. The only way to lock the door while inside the room was to use the key (an actual metal key) to turn the lock. Also, the safe in our room was not functioning, so we made certain not leave anything of value in the room when we went out to dinner. The front desk staff and restaurant staff were very friendly. The restaurant offered a dinner buffet or an a la carte menu. The menu offered Indian and Chinese options and we were happy with the variety of choices. Overall, this hotel served our purpose of having a clean room with a hot shower before our early morning flight.	
Jun 16 2009 	Good Place for Private Function.	Although it was my cousin marriage arrangement on 09-May-09; Really good stay and dining arrangement with family for couple of days. Hall &amp; Poolside Lawn are perfectly maintain for private function.	
Jun 16 2009 	Made with Class	Hotel is made with class &amp; surrounded with greenary area. Staff was Courteous &amp; well groomed. I really recommend this Hotel.	
Jun 3 2009 	Nice Hotel for Stay	Room are quite spacetous; Coffee Shop Blue Pearl ambience is impressive &amp; food is wow.. specialy indian &amp; pasta's ; open pool with huge lawn for exercise or move around. Over all nice hotel for stay with friend and famliy.	
Mar 29 2009 	Generally OK	Not a bad hotel. Cox and Kings travel agency used it as an &quot;airport hotel&quot; although it's a 25 minute drive from the airport. The rooms are clean and decent, but the &quot;hot&quot; water was only lukewarm when I took a shower at 3:00am.	
Dec 5 2007 	Horrible Place to Stay	On the tail end of an otherwise wonderful trip to Rajastan India, we were booked into this property by Castle and King TourServices. On our first day we were welcomed into a severelysmoked out room (we had requested a non-smoking room). We were told we would be transferred. After around fifteen minutes,we contacted the front desk and were told &quot;All rooms sold out!!!We can transfer you in the morning&quot;. We then encounted a non flushing toilet and had to use the lobby facilities all evening. Noassistance to repair was available. My wife, after coming out of the shower, told me 'Stay away from the shower curtain, it has a lot of mold on it&quot;. So went our stay at the Claremont.We left for Khajarao in the AM with a promise that we would be upgraded to a much better room when we returned to Delhi. I thought seriously about transferring to another hotel, but the payments for all three nights we already surrendered to the Claremont.When we returned to Delhi we were surprised to be upgraded to the &quot;executive suites&quot;. The toilet worked and the shower curtain was fine. Unfortunately the room was right above the disco or club facility so for two nights we had to listen to the unusual bollywood disco sounds until midnight or closer to 1AM.Our general opinion of our tour all over India was great. The people, sights, sounds, and food made for a memorable trip. The only bad thing was the way it ended in Delhi. STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL!!!	
Nov 5 2009	?????????????		
Sep 6 2009 	??		
Apr 10 2009	Oase nach Großstadttroubel		
Oct 1 2007	mitigé		
