	Go for the upgrade room	My first trip to India. May not be my last, but my last to Delhi and Northern India. Stayed two nights. This hotel is ok. Friends made reservations. Had I known about upgrade rooms I would have insisted on one. Should have checked with them on what hotel they made reservations for. In the future in India - will insist on 4 star hotels. Have stayed in 3 stars in Europe and in Russia - but not the same. Would recommmend with explanation to get upgrade room. A friend did leave clothes in the room. When we came back a week later they had her clothes for her. So that was a plus.	
	Regent Continental - OK for an overnight in Delhi	Arrived at hotel late pm after 6 hour drive from Agra. Lobby clean and quite and impressive compared to surroundings and check in ok. Room average, air-con and TV worked but strong air freshener smell which turned out to be the insect repellent device in the bathroom, in fact there seemed to be a paraffin type smell in the corridors too. We went to the restaurant and looked at the a la carte menu but the maitre d' was very persistent that we and all other guests had the Indian buffet already prepared. We eventually acquiesced rather than chance Delhi at night as the area around the hotel was not too inviting. Turned out the buffet was expensive compared to the menu, I think we were misled. All well and went to bed. Breakfast was buffet style and ok too and there seemed to be a predominance of business people. Overall adequate for an overnight stay, and like most people you have to modify your thinking and expectations when staying in India on a 3 star basis..	
Nov 24 2009 	be careful which room your given	when we arrived we were given a room that resembled a dungeon. we complained and were assured that a better room would be given on our return 3 weeks later. it was better, but not much. make sure you see all type of rooms. silver is smaller but much better. service and food was very good however and location very good	
Nov 17 2009 	nice place...	my frnds booked this place for me as i hv been living in Petersburg since last 5 yrs. took time off to meet my frnds here. stayed here for 5 nights, before shifting to my frnds place. i zstayed all alone here but found it very comfortable. everything, the t.v , gyser nd ac , all worked fine. the breakfast buffet was grand and offered me many options. overall a nice place.the market around is pretty good. nice place to shop. the staff bell boy and rest too were ever smiling... keep it up people...nice and quiet place in the lively market....	
Nov 12 2009 	made my function memorable...!!!	i had my engagement on 30th of oct. and the arrangements were made by regent continental in their hall. this is just to thank the hotel on a whole on this public wall... most of our guests(relatives) arrived from punjab and canada, so we all booked this hotel for 2 nights and their banquet for the functn. . they made excellent arrangements for everything at the function. we even changed the colour theme of the decoration a night before to match it with my dress and expected the staff to show reluctance, but they all took it very sportingly. we enjoyed alot a night before and all thanks to these people, they made sitting arrangement for all of our extended family and us to play games in the night in their banquet hall and that too complimentary !! whole night we all kept odering snacks , tea and all and the service throughout was excellent.thanks to all!!!	
Nov 10 2009 	my money is well used...good shopping n staying place in the capital	i visited delhi in march 2009 n stayed in hotel regent continental for 4 days before i went ahead to jaipur.it was a good experience for a first timmer to india. India is a good country,the people are also very nice. My stay in the above mentioned hotel was done by my travel agent as i wasnt very keen on spending too much money on stay.but off course i wanted a safe ,cosy ,confortable n economical place as i was accompanied with my partner. The hotel took good care of us for the 4 days we stayed there. Service was good n so was the food.Being centrally located in delhi it was very convinent for us to travel to different place using the sky train. It was a lovely experience n i would certainlly like to go n stay there if ever i go to delhi next time.	
Nov 6 2009 	wonderfull experience	I am staying in Bangalore. I would like to share the experience of my delhi stay which part of jaipur trip. We reached quite late night in Delhi. It was our first visit and we were in quite tension. Booked this hotel through internet. And to our pleasure we were received by the reception with a warm smile. Our rooms were already allotted. So had hassle free check in. Quite decent gold class room. Clean and tidy. But what impressed me the most was the room-service. We were served food as late as 2 a.m. and it was delicious. Thanks to Mr.mukherjee we were offered huge variety. we had to check out the next day for our trip to Jaipur. Loved the stay though. The staff did a commendable job to make our stay comfortable. Thank u all	
Oct 27 2009 	Value for money...nice place to stay	i visited this hotel in march 2009 as some of my colleagues were comming in from the US. Since their visit was only for 3 days and they wanted to do some shopping as well so i decided to put them in a hotel in the heart of the city.A friend of mine recomemded me this hotel in karol bagh called regent continental.On my instructions the hotel made arrangements to pick my guests from the airport.i booked 2 super delux rooms along with a full time cab for 3 days. In these 3 days i visited the hotel very often.By the end of the stay all my guests were very happy with the room service as well as the staff courtesy.When the bill came to me for clearance i was surprised to see such a descent price of everything.It was a nice experience with hotel regent continental. great going guys.	
Oct 20 2009 	really very poor value	stayed here on our tour of northen india, by far the worst hotel.rooms were very small and dated. I don't know where the room photoswere taken but our rooms were nothing like those in the photos.service and food were very poor and breakfast was worrying as food was kept,well, warm. overall we were very disappionted with both rooms and location.	
Oct 6 2009	Terrible experience at Regent Continental	Noisy at all hours of day and night; in the middle of the night you could hear staff shouting and talking loudly and dogs barking incessantly outside.Room dirty, asked to change the room we were given cause the shower was filthy, second room wasn't much better.Dining room disgusting, dirty tables, dirty cloths, dirty cutlery. In the end they also claimed that we hadn't paid something (false) and receptionists started shouting and cursing against us and refused to give back passports until we paid what we wanted.Would never ever go back there!!!	
Sep 28 2009 	Disguting Hotel	This is by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed in anywhere in the world. Do not be fooled by the pictures on their web site the rooms do not look like that at all. The hotel is situated in a rundown, dirty and overcrowded area in what can only be described as virtually an alley way. Our room was too small to swing a cat in. The bed clothes were dirty. It was situated internally within the building so had no outside window. A small window overlooked a shaft reminiscent to a coal mine shaft. This was lit and hence lit our room at night. The bathroom was disguising, ancient and filthy. The towels were grey. The air-conditioning unit was so noisy you couldn't sleep. It also did not work and it must have been 30 degrees plus in our room. We complained to the front desk and they virtually ignored us saying they were full and there were no alternative rooms. It was only after my wife said she would sleep in the reception that they reluctantly took action. First they showed us an identical room and only after further complaints showed us to a so called VIP room. This was also disgusting but was larger and had a window to the outside world or should I say alleyway. The air conditioning also worked slightly better. What sums up the hotel was the employee running his fingers along the bed headboard and all surfaces to check they were clean. Of course they were not. There were also kids running up and down the corridors screaming all night. Apparently they also have student accommodation.This hotel had been booked for us by an Indian Agency who otherwise was very good. We have registered a complaint with them. Although we were supposed to stay two nights we moved out and paid for another hotel. We tried to get our money back at the reception and asked to see the manager. Needless to say he did not turn up. This may be India but I have stayed in many hotels in this country, some simple but always clean. This clearly is the worst my wife and I have seen.	
May 1 2009 	Clean and well located	The Hotel is well maintaines with clean hygenic rooms. Located in the centre of Karol Bagh close to the Delhi Metro station which makes moving about easier and fast.	
Mar 27 2009 	' We were impressed ' !	I travelled with my partner and daughter in March 2009.We toured Northern India during March and as we arrived in Delhi and stayed at theRegent Continental Hotel located in Karol Bagh area of the city. As we were travelling South eg Agra/Matura/Gwalior and Orchha and then returning to travel north to Mussourie in Himalayas , we used Regent Continental Hotel as transit base for our travels. We ended up staying 5 nights at the Hotel.Hotel offers three types rooms (Silver/Gold or Platinum). We were shown all types of rooms but we were allocated Platinum class room . (312 &amp;112).The room was spacious and accomodated 3 of us very easily. The furnshing was of avery high quality. The lighting was well co-ordinated and everything worked egAC, TV (satalite), Fridge, Safe etcThe room was very clean and room service provided was of 5* standard andComplementary bottles of Mineral water for guests and various free- bees were providedin Bathroom ,incase one forgets pack the basics eg tooth brush/paste;comb;shaving gear; shampoos etc. These were replaced each day!The hotel is located in a very narrow street in Karol Bagh area of Delhi. An area known forits its Shopping and maze of conjested lanes with 100s of small hotels .If one is travelling to India or Karol Bagh for the first time then the street leading toHotel will appear dirty, unpleasing and not so welcoming but once you get into theHotel you will be won over by the welcoming staff.! I do not mention names of individuals when I do a review but I was hightly impressedby 3 individuals . Those were Mr. Anshu Bhatia (Reservations Manager) for hisproffesional service and prompt responses to our requests, Mr. Shakhar Chandre Reception Manager for all his dealing with us eg unlocking the safe when we forgot our personal codes- safekeeping of our luggage in storage when travellinfg South to Northand finally Mr Yashdev Malhotra ( Room Services). It is worth contacting them if you have any problems.The Hotel in our view was of good value and it gives likes of YWCAs and YMCA International House in Delhi run for its money as it can be cheaper and room quality and service is much better! Hotel has an independent Tour and Travel organisers on site and it seems thatprices charged by them are bit expensive and one has to be careful and it is easier to shop around for best deals with other agents in Karol Bagh area. You will have no problem in finding one!The restaurant in the hotel is ok. The furnishing and lighting is pleasing but themenu can be improved. The breakfast is provided in a Buffet form and bothContinental and local dishes are available. The hotel restaurant is busy the mornings when large tour company clients are often staying there! The Karol Bagh area does have several eateries within walking distance from Hotel,Those of us who get fed up after some time with curries and one can walk down few street to MacDonalds or Pizza Hut for a respite .I have stayed in several hotels in Delhi during my travels and i think this is one of the better ones.It is a 3 * hotel with 5* service. Our experience was postive and we would definately stay there again and I would recommend it to friends/colleagues/fellow travellers!	
Jan 4 2009 	Average	We arrived @ 10pm. our room was on the 1st floor. very bad ,smelling room.After complaining we were upgraded to the 2nd floor.Still not happy.The next day we were upgraded to a platium room.This was much better. However all the bathrooms are bad. Water pressure is low &amp; cold.We stayed there for 4 nights.Breakfast is not very nice.Staff dont speak English but helpful.Dont eat dinner in hotel.Will not go back	
Sep 28 2008 	Better than expected	I stayed in this hotel with 2 colleagues for a week in September. I had read the reviews before hand and I was dreading the experience.We arrived after midnight and the neighbourhood was scattered with garbage and wandering cows. We had a voucher and after just signing the hotel book (no other formalities) we were shown to our rooms on 1st floor. We each had standard single room which appeared to have been remodelled not long ago. White marble floors, ceiling fan, two beds pushed together, desk with a tv, small sitting area and very loud AC stuck to the wall. The room looked nice but lacked finishing. The bathroom had a shower with no curtain and modern looking wash basin with too small fauset. No real amenities except a shower cap, 2 bars of soap and shampoo. Though the bathroom was &quot;new&quot; there were small gaps in the grouting and everything looked worn and done in haste.The bed was very hard but the pillows were new and soft as well as the pillow covers. Other linen were greyish and many times washed. No duvet but a woollen blanket.The room had a window facing inner courtyard and noises from other houses were heard quite easily. As mentioned in other reviews the hotel is quite noisy because of marble flooring in corridoors and distant phone ringing every night. There is gap under the room door so every sound can be heard inside the room. Also other guests vere talking loudly when returning in the middle of the night. The AC unit is very loud but it does cover other noises if you can stand the humming.Second night when returning to the hotel and turning the lights on cockroaches were running around. Same happenend couple of times during the week but the roaches were not disturbing and only a few. When talking to others the roaches were not seen in every room. There was lot of personel in the hotel and young boys cleaning the corridoors and carrying the luggage. And waiting for tips of course. The hotel has a desk where to hire a car for a day or for trips but be aware of high prices and be ready to bargain hard.Breakfast was not very good. Instant coffee, sometimes toast, red jam, couple of Indian dishes, omelets,sweetened mango juice if you were lucky. All the food was lukewarm so be quick to grab the hot omelets when brought in or the hot toast. Two bottles of water were supplied to the room every day and not charged extra.The hotel is situated in the middle of Karol Bagh market district which means little &quot;shops&quot; for locals, lot of garbage, noice and people. Beggars will spot you right on when you walk out of the hotel. Easiest way to move is to hire a car or get a tuk tuk to the city center or riksha to the Karol Bagh metro station. When raining the streets are filled with muddy holes and floating garbage. All in all not as bad as expected.	
Aug 24 2008 	Worst Hotel ... Beware	Beware of Checking in this Hotel. Despite our Advance Payment, while checkin had to wait for 45 minutes just to complete Formalities. No room allotment planning despite 3 rooms were booked. Pathatic food, Water was leaking from cieling... in monsoon... Hostile and rought staff.... Despite feedback to the Hotel, no courtesy / approach towards improvement. Beware of cleanliness and services also.	
Mar 4 2008 	Stay at your own risk.	I stayed at the Regent Contenental for 4 nights in January 2008. Even from the start, I should have known better. I arrived early and was pleased to be shown to my room right away. BUT when we got there, I was told by the clerk that there was no key for this room and they were busy trying to find it. I thought that was strange but was so tired from a long trip on the Indian trains that I just put my stuff down and tried to relax. 3 hours later I called the desk asking about the key. Nothing in the room would work with out the key. No power at all. No, no word on the key ....yet. I waited an additional 2 hours before calling the desk again and telling the clerk that I was NOT willing to wait any longer. I had not had anything to eat or drink since the day before and it was now after 5 pm. I could not even leave my room to go find food and drink and none was offered to me. Finally, they brought me a key. From the housekeeping people I think. It had no fob and was just a key, nothing else. Good enough.. And he finally told me that the previous customer had made off with the key and they were &quot;waiting for him to bring it or send it back&quot;.  That night after finally getting some food and drink, I crawled into bed thinking that the noise would die down as the night wore on and I would get some badly needed sleep. Did not happen. The noise is almost unbelievable. All. Night. Long. The street noise is bad enough but the outer hallways and stairways are all stone and people yell up and down them all day and night. You can hear phones ringing constantly. The floors are so dirty that you have to wear shoes all the time. I finally found the room service menu stuffed in the bottom of the beside drawer and covered in big spots of mold. EWWW! Once I found out about room service, I did order tea and dinner. It was fine. No problems with that. On my second night I went to the hotel restaurant for dinner. I could not even get served. There was a buffet on so I grabbed a plate and some food. Never did get asked if I wanted so much as a glass of water. The next morning I thought about having a shower but there was no hot water. The tub was kinda dirty and the towels were a very deep grey so I guess it was a good thing I didn't . I had to call the desk yet again to get someone to come up and fix the hot water just so I could wash. I DO know how to operate hot water tanks in India and it was not working for me. The next day the toilet would NOT stop flushing so I called the desk again to ask someone to come up and fix it. You would have thought I was the worlds biggest pest! Imagine, to want hot water, a operating toilet and some food! I was always very careful to be polite. I did not show any disrespect for any of the staff.  In desperation, I tried to get my reservation for the next two nights canceled but I had paid up front through Orbitz and could get nowhere with that so I decided to stick it out. It never got any better. I don't know if the staff were rude and ignorant to me because I was a woman traveling alone or if they were that way with everyone. When it came time to check out, the desk clerk (manager) tried to make me pay for another night, saying that I stayed one night longer than I had paid for. When I asked him to get the receipt I gave him when I checked in ( from Orbitz,) he claimed it had been lost. I had to go on the hotel travel desk internet right there and then and pull up a copy of the receipt from my email in order to prove that I had paid for the correct number of nights. The Regent Continential is definately the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I have pictures of the room and the view if anyone is interested.  Stay at the White House or Wongdhen House in the Tibetan Village. A MUCH BETTER way to spend your Rupees.	
Feb 2 2008 	Dreadful not fit for my dog	What a nasty hovel. The photos you see published in no way represent the squalor immiediately outside the front door or the mouldly noisy rooms you find inside. Staff either choose to speak no english or are just quite surly. The hardest thing to grasp is that when you ask a question they will lie to your face trying to get you in their cafe, shop, whatever.	
Jan 26 2008 	poor value dishonest staff crooked travel agents	I booked this through a travel agent (Travel Zone, India) in Feb. 2007. It was noisy, dirty, and overpriced. Beware of the people at the tour desk. They are cheats as well. When I came back in August to Delhi, my new agent tried to book this place again for me telling me that my other choice (Clark International, 1 block away) was a far inferior choice. The agent's office is within blocks of both. I stayed at the Clark. It was great and cheaper. I know I will not deal with this agent again (Impact Holidays). I believe agents should be more interested in serving me ahead of the hotel!The Clark has since doubled their rates so next time I will try to find another place, but certainly not the Regent Continental.	
Dec 30 2007	Bring earplugs!	The hotel was horrendously noisy well past midnight till 1 am or later. From our room, we could hear incessantly the loud slamming of doors, the clatter of kitchenware being cleaned, hotel staff talking loudly, furniture being dragged across the marble floor. This made it quite impossible to sleep. We also encountered problems with the shower, whereby we could barely coax out a trickle of hot water.	
Nov 13 2007 	Regent CON-Dishonest Liers Complete misrepresentation Incompetent Theives!!!	I would only recommend to STAY CLEAR AT ALL COSTS.The website claims they have 24hr internet, a money safe, tea and coffee maker, business conference centre???? When I asked the manager about these facilities he pointed over to a computer over 10 years old which the internet did not work on one day of our stay and said they're you go? he said that was the 24hr internet?The state of the rooms was DISGUSTING with dead mosquitos on the bed linen, floor, bathroom etc.The floor was dirty, un-hygenic, opposite to the photos.The room had a horrible smell, maybe from previous guests who did GOD knows what.The bathroom was Disgusting with Mold growing on each and every corner. the bathroom was enough to put you off your whole day.The water was cold majority of the time.They are so tight that when you leave your room, they go in and switch of the fridge and a/c, which means you can say bye to having a cold refreshing drink in your fridge after a long day of walking around, even after we said not to switch it off again, the next day they switched it off again.The staff are basically 14-16 year old boys who go around in groups of 2-4 who stand around waiting for tips.No one understands english, which I think is disgraceful considering the hotel is called Regent Continental, I would Rename it Regent CON as this is simply a very dishonest service and misrepresentation of services.Stay clea from the restaurant unless you want to have runs and stomach aches for days on end, I had only one dinner their and felt sik for days after, would highly recommend to stay clear.The a.c Units are aftermarket units which make so much noise and rattles that you would rather put up with the heat than the noise.The location of this hotel is in the most awaful place you can imagine, it is surrounded by gangs, beggers, loud barking dogs and general traffic horning outside from early hours to late.The only reason why I stayed for more than one night was that they threatened to charge a cancellation charge if i ammended the orginal booking.I booked and paid for the classic deluxe room which at the time of booking I was tgold that the main difference was that the classic deluxe rooms offered a view with balcony,hehehe, the balcony could not even squeeze one person on their without squeezing past to get the door closed, it was terrible, absolutely no point whatsover.They also claimed to have sky tv, yer when it works, and their are only like 20 channels,all indian ones, so good luck if you dont understand the lingo.In overview I would only recpommend to stay as far away from this hotel as poss, they are lots of hotels in the area which offer a higher standard of facilities, cleaner enviroment for half the price.I would sum up the Regent continental as being a farse, con, rip-off, dishonest, untrustworthy, disrespectful.I forgot to mention that the price they quoted me at the start was not the price they demanded when departing after a few days, they had added a 600 per night charge on and removed the 10% discount and said it was only available if discussed at the start, which it was??? At that point i was so fedup with them, i did not have the energy to argue anymore as they didnt understand anything I was saying, and just paid them and thought, well at least I know to stay clear for the future. I wouldn't want my worst enemy to experience what I experienced at Hotel Con, BE aware, stay clear at all costs!	
Aug 4 2007 	Low Average beware of the limitations	I visited the hotel to meet someone who was there (I had also read the reviews posted here previously on the same hotel when I was looking for a place.)The Lobby Area looks empty. As indicated by another visitor on this site, they may advise visitors to take 'their&quot; taxi service. The Taxi Service is run by a separate unit (In the lobby) and the hotel staff do not coordinate with this unit in a satisfactory manner. i.e. telling the tourists to go and speak to them and totally disallowing responsibility for that aspect. I also noticed that their drivers may not Speak Any English too. (So make sure you check that before you get them for a hire). For anyone with a limited budget and looking for a budget hotel, this maybe ok, and the staff are helpful all right. Note that the area around the hotel can be a bit crowded. The area around (outside) the hotel is poorly illuminated.	
Jul 20 2007 	So so	Its not a 3* for certain. Breakfast is a typical indian breakfast. we got food poisoning whilst here, but that could have been what we ate out..you never know! when we came ill the stafF were very helpful and friendly with great service. the rooms are spacious with airt con-but this is very noisey. in a decent location, very bustling! would not go again.	
May 25 2007 	Disgraceful!!!	Checked in, stayed for an hour then checked out again. This hotel was worse than my dog kennel. Check in staff were rude. The whole reception area had an uncomfortable feel about it. The bathroom had no running water, there was scum, mould and anything else which was vile growing on the bath and tiles. The coridoors were dark and dingy. It was truely appaling. Sleep in a cardboard box on the street instead of staying here, it will be cleaner!!!!!	
Jan 29 2007 	BEWARE OF SCAM!!!!	PLEASE, Anyone planning to book with this hotel should be very cautious. My family and I just returned from our trip to India, and this hotel is overbooking people and then transfering them to smaller, 0 star hotels in the vicinity (they have special arrangements with them). We were lied to by both the manager and the co-owner of the hotel and after two days of fighting, squabling and hell, we finally never got our room. They even promised to keep our suitcases and after our day out on the town, we'd return to our rooms......alas, nothing, they then said we're sorry but the hotel is full (second night in a row) - anyways, i could tell you all the details, but please just take my advice and avoid this hotel and its sleezy partners in the area (Perfect Hotel &amp; Crest Inn). If you'd like to have a chat with me about the experience, drop me a line at travel@astralize.com. Cheers, SameerLondon, UK.	
Jan 8 2007 	Good Value	We stumbled across the hotel trying to look for a Travel Agents, we were introduced to a man called Muztapher at the Regent who arranges Flights, cars whatever you want, from that point our holiday started, we had an amazing trip. We had three nights here, the first night the room was dark with no windows and cramped.... but the second time we checked in we asked for a room with a window at the front, the room was much better, ask to see the room before you stay!!! Restaurant Ok, breakfast hectic, staff perfectly helpful if a little slow. rooms clean, fantastic location, Hotel shop a rip off, Muztipher made our trip, with good recomendation, obviously he is making money of tourists thats his job, but we didnt feel he was asking to much, he knows his stuff. We were two young women traveling together, if we needed to be walked anywhere he would send a chaperon with us, drivers were always good, cars mostly clean. The hotel was good value at about £20 a room. Would deffinately go back, felt very safe.	
Dec 2 2006 	It is what it is...	My wife and I stayed here last month for 4 nights. The rooms are not great, the bathrooms are awful, but we spent minimal time in our room and only stayed in our room to sleep. There are much better options in New Delhi, however, they are way more expensive. I probably would not stay there again and it definately is not a 3 star hotel.	
Nov 27 2006	not a 3-star hotel at all	We had booked the hotel on recommendation by a Delhi travel agent against our will, as they told us it is in a super location and a good hotel where everybody they booked there has been satisfied. We have not been! We stayed there twice in tiny rooms with small windows opening to the next wall. You can not leave them open, as around there all outlefts from AC in other rooms. One room was in the reach of strolling cats. The rooms were dumpy, even with the AC on and had a bad smell. Room and bathroom were basic and not clean. The hotel had school children, a noisy clientele. The restaurant was rather expensive for what it offered. Room service was long and did spoil the content with opening bottle, without even thinking of cleaning it up. The location is not that good, in a unlit road, when you step our ot the door, you are &quot;attacked&quot; ba various people wanting something from you. We would never go back there again.	
Nov 21 2006 	disappointing	Overall we found the service and facilities of the hotel adequate. The big problem was the rooms. We stayed in this hotel twice during one trip to India and both rooms we found to be very dark (no windows) and small. The bathrooms very very dirty. We also had to share the one room with numerous cockroaches. Would not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Oct 7 2006 	incompetent staff	I stayed here for 5 nights in early september. The location is average, hidden down a back alley but not too far from the excellent metro system. Whilst the communal areas were clean and well kept I found the room to be very spartan and it was only cleaned twice during my stay. The &quot;colour&quot; TV was particulary bad quality and virtually unwatchable.The room service was good, the wait was not too long and the food was of an acceptable standard, as was the price.However, my biggest gripe was the level of service provided by the staff. It took them 2 hours to finalise my bill when I came to check out and they then charged me more than I was originally quoted. (hint - if you can get a print of their original quote then take it with you. I didn't and was charged an extra £90 when I checked out).There is no money changing facility at the hotel but when I enquired one of the porters took me to a local money changer - who tried to short change me to the tune of 900rps.I also gave the staff a couple of postcards to put in the mail for me - 4 weeks later and they still havn't arrived! I doubt they got round to posting them.....	
Dec 30 2005	Disliked the Regent	On arrival a staff member tried to downgrade us from a double regent suite to a classic deluxe room because they wanted to charge more for the suite even though we had agreed on a price. They showed us the classic room which had a cat living in it. We demanded the original room at the set price and they gave it to us without further quibble. Room service was awful as they brought things we didn't order and charged us for things we didn't order though management rectified this after complaining about it. The room itself was large and clean with hot water on tap and a television with good reception. Travel desk was very helpful and during our stay the hotel staff tried to be as helpful as possible and we didn't run into any problems paying them at the end. The taxi I arranged with the travel desk to the airport was also set at a fair price and I didn't feel ripped off. I didn't make use of the restaurant because of their questionable room service but found other restaurants within walkind distance as a replacement. It's definately a budget hotel but I wouldn't recommend it.	
Dec 11 2005	Never again. . .	We recently stayed at the Regent Continental Hotel in New Delhi after booking online having read a good review. We experienced many problems. Service from staff at reception was poor - promises made to do things were not fulfilled. Pressure was put on us to use expensive hotel taxis instead of reliable local transport. We were not able to successfully make phone calls from our room. The bathroom had a bug infestation. The complimentary breakfast consisted of four or five plates of things like bread, curd and filled parathas - which is fine on the surface - but the food was almost inedible and led to one of us getting sick. We attempted to book a taxi through the hotel for our departure and found at the last minute that they had not done it and we had to go in the hotel car which was far more expensive to do. The room itself was ok. The TV worked and power cuts were minimal. The location was also good. But overall our experience was a very negative one. We certainly wouldn't recommend that any women travelling alone book themselves into this hotel.	
May 24 2005	Loved the Regent	My room was large, open and spacious with a balcony, refrigerator, large beds and a nice large bath room. The hotel staff went out of their way to be accommodating and all were so kind and friendly. There is a travel desk in the lobby and Mr. Ahmed will do everything from make your plane or train reservations to arrange tours or just get a car and driver to take you shopping. There is a lovely gift shop in the large, white marble lobby. The restaurant serves a good complimentary breakfast and has a nice menu of Chinese and Indian foods. Mineral water is available there also. There was never a problem of running out of hot water for showers at any time of the day or night and the hotel has a good back up system for the frequent power failures. Their laundry service is fast and efficient. Room service is available 24 hours a day and food is reasonably priced. This was my first trip to Delhi but if I have an opportunity to return it will definitely be to the same place. I spent 8 days there and would recommend the Hotel Regent Continental to anyone. I would also like to thank each member of the staff for making my stay in India so very enjoyable.	
Sep 8 2009 	Pesimo Tanto En Habitaciones Como En El Personal		
Aug 11 2009 	Enttäuschend		
Apr 11 2008	Für indische Verhältnisse nicht schlecht		
Feb 28 2008	moyenement propre mais cher		
Jan 20 2008	Demi tour		
Sep 15 2007	la plus mauvaise note du voyage		
