	You get what you pay for…	The location is convenient and provides a real experience of Old Delhi. The staff were helpful and a free transfer was arranged from the airport.The hotel is very basic. The room was clean, but damp, and had most things promised including air conditioning and a television (no hot water though).The roof top restaurant is not too pretty to look at but the food was good, great value and with friendly service - it’s open 24hrs which was a very nice 2am arrival welcome.We used Ananda Hotel as a base for exploring Delhi independently - we didn’t spend much time at the hotel and we didn’t use the expensive hotel travel agent.Bearing in mind the price and facilities, I think this hotel is good value and an acceptable budget traveller choice – at the time of booking the rate was half that of other hotels in The Connaught Place area of Delhi.	
Nov 22 2009 	Nice small hotel with friendly staff	Located in Karol Bagh,this hotel was in a good jumping off point. The staff assisted me with arrangements for my trips to Agra, Jaipur and Haridwar. I found the room to be clean and attractive and theprice was more than right.	
Nov 20 2009 	Nice hotel near shopping area.	Nice, clean hotel near the shopping streets of Karol Bagh.The staff were helpful and the hotel had a car and driver that we hired for daytrips and airport pick-up/dropp-off. Only 5 minutes walk to the busy market-streets were we did the most of our shopping.	
Nov 18 2009 	This?Hotel?Cannot?Be?Trusted	We reserved two rooms at Hotel Ananda a month in advance.We exchanged some emails, including their confirmation email, our flight information email, and a reconfirmation email that we sent two days prior to our arrival date.Things went smoothly UNTIL the night we arrived at Delhi airport.We finally got to Delhi, filled with excitement and anxiety from our long flight....only to find out that we no longer had our reservation for the night.(Needless to say, there was nobody from the hotel at the airport, although the hotel had guaranteed that they would send somebody for us.)The hotel's excuse was that all their rooms were sold out the night (!!!) and that we were going to be taken to another &quot;upgraded&quot; hotel.We had no choice but to wait for another driver to come pick us up at the airport for a long while, just to go with a random driver who claimed to be sent by Hotel Ananda, and let him drive us to a hotel somewhere in New Delhi that we had no idea about.We do not know whether our alternative hotel was actually an &quot;upgrade&quot; since we had no chance to go see Hotel Ananda to compare them during our stay in Delhi.	
Nov 11 2009 	ONE TO AVOID	What a terrible hotel!!!!! There is nothing I can say good about this hotel. My family and myself reached at this hotel at 1.15am. Having travelled for a long time we just wanted to sleep. At the reception they were fine. They told us the basic information we needed to know and led us to the room. When we opened the room door, we were in a great shock. The room stunk of damp and the walls and ceiling was covered with moulds. My husband went down and told the reception if we could change the room because it really stunk. But they told him to adjust the night and that they will sort another room the next day. We was so tired to argue so we thought ok it is another couple of hours so we can adjust by leaving the windows open and go to sleep. My daughter wanted to sleep. So, I opened the blanket and was horrified to see bed bugs crawling everywhere. I had goose bumps as soon as I saw them. That was the last thing we wanted to see. We packed everything and went downstairs and told them we were going to leave because there were bed bugs. They apologised immediately and didn’t want to leave us instead they gave another room ‘why did they not do that in the first place’? We had no choice but to change the room because the place was new, don’t know anybody and don’t no where to get help and it seemed a risk travelling at night with a young child so we agreed to change to a better room. The second room was fine we asked them to change the bed sheets in front of us and so they did. The ‘roof top restaurant’ is a dump. I really don’t know why they call it a roof top restaurant. It wasn’t clean, the table and chairs were filthy, and they really really need to do something about it. We just stayed there for 3 nights and couldn’t wait to leave, only if we knew the place well we would have moved immediately we was like a person blindfolded in the middle of nowhere. Although the staffs understood the mistakes, apologised and tried to help we felt unhappy of the whole experience.	
Oct 31 2009 	Bad Experience with seepage rooms	I must admit that I had a bad bad experience during my leisure time here. The hotel was undergoing some renovation and I really had to spends my nights in the seepage rooms.I would not recommend this hotel to any traveler .	
Oct 30 2009 	Basic hotel unhealthy kitchen 	Having read positive reviews on tripadvisor we decided to stay here before traveling around north India. I really can understand why this hotel has been rated so highly on this site. It was one of the worst hotels we stayed at over three weeks. The staff were grumpy, slow and not very helpful. The room was a reasonable size but basic and not particularly clean. The bathroom was grim and the shower cold. The roof top restaurant was a converted flat roof with a staff member p*ssing in the corner.	
Oct 22 2009 	cheater and careless staff.	I booked it after surfing trip advisor but quit disappointed. I don’t know if these happen with me or the good review written are wrong. No pick up, upon arrival staff sleeping and can ask you for a “VOUCHER” to print at 3 A.M. when you are so tired. Then how you in a dirty room, I forget what cleanliness means here it was stained towel, smelling toilet and mosquitoes around the room. Anyways this comes to an end when I was checking out in the morning. Above all before the final and to my misery an extra 20% of the agreed room rent on the net rate (inclusive of taxes as to come) was changed. Hotel is not for Europeans or people who prefer clean place to sleep.	
Oct 22 2009 	a nice retreat from chaotic delhi	I was picked up as promised and the driver waited even tho I forgot to give my flight number ooops. The hotel location was very good and the hotel itself was a break from the chaotic streets. The hotel was very clean and the service was excellent with a good rooftop resteraunt to relax in.	
Oct 17 2009 	Friendly and simple	Was greeted by their friendly driver as promised at the International airport (free).Not long after I had arrived I was asked by the helpful staff (namely Shabir) if I wanted to go sight seeing... this didn't take much convincing ;) I was whisked away not long after by their driver, singing and dancing my way around New Delhi... it was a lot of fun and he was great company!The room was spacious with two singles. Funky decor and a flat screen plasma. The air conditioner was noisy however it worked a treated at helping me escape the heat of Delhi.Unfortunately there was NO hot water... this was disappointing (I was told later that the boiler was broken and has since been repaired).The roof top restaurant is a great place to see a completely different aspect of New Delhi. The beers were cold (not something you can often rely upon) and the food was delicious :)Sharbir (front of house) was great company, very professional and assisted me with organising my onward adventures.	
Oct 5 2009 	Terrible hotel for tourists. If you're a tourist read this review!	I booked three rooms at Ananda after reading some of the positive reviews the hotel has received. If you're visiting India from another country, PLEASE read this review as I hope I can help you avoid an experience that we unfortunately had to go through. I cannot understand why Ananda is rated so highly. One possible explanation: many of the reviewers seem to be Indian business travelers, who have a completely different set of expectations and needs. In any case, don't stay at this hotel. You will undoubtedly be tempted by the price, which is admittedly low. But there are a TON of other cheap options in Delhi (Delhi is not an expensive city).The rooms, themselves, are comfortable enough. But the rest of the hotel has a shabby, bombed-out appearance. The rooftop is disgusting and left me with a lasting, depressing image of Delhi.The location of the hotel is terrible. Karol Bagh is full of shady characters. A routine walk around the neighborhood left me worried about getting mugged (didn't feel that way ANYWHERE else in India). Spend the extra money, and stay closer to Connaught Place. You won't regret it.Finally, and this is the most important part: DO NOT USE THEIR TRAVEL/TRANSPORTATION SERVICES! The hotel has partnered with scamming travel/transportation companies that will try and try and try again to rip you off. The story is a long one. Suffice it to say that we were quoted a price, which we agreed to. The drivers repeatedly tried to take us to places where they'd get a commission, and they got angry when we asked them politely to just take us where we wanted to go. At the end of the night, they demanded that we pay them triple the agreed upon price. We obviously refused, and they proceeded to berate us. Hotel management did not intercede on our behalf, despite admitting at one point that the company is &quot;full of crooks.&quot;All in all, this hotel was the WORST of any we stayed in during our trip. Avoid. Please.	
Sep 30 2009 	Good Hotel	I stayed there for one week. The location was excellent. Nearby shoping places and crowd put extra value. Room was clean, more importantly, bathroom was clean.Breakfast is sufficient and good.2nd Floor Wi-Fi was best but during my stay at 1st Floor, It was dissapointing.Staffs were friendly and cooperative.	
Sep 29 2009 	Delightful	Such a dimaond in the rough. The staff at Ananda was amazing- incredibly helpful and attentive. The rooms were small but very clean and comfortable. Free internet and an damn good breakfast (included!). Incredible value.	
Sep 23 2009	excellent value hotel--safe comfortable friendly--would stay there again	This was my first trip to India, and I went with my sister. We're both young, finished university, but still on a budget. We stayed at 5 different hotels throughout India during our two weeks there and we both felt this was by far the best. Of course it's not a 5-star hotel, but it was clean and comfortable, and we felt that we were well taken care of. I found my bed there to be the most comfortable of any hotel bed I slept in in India. The manager, Somu, was genuinely friendly and gave us little &quot;freebies&quot; here and there (internet access, some complimentary pineapple juice, extra toilet paper, helped me to not get ripped off by the international phone &quot;service&quot; around the corner) which they didn't have to do. The first night I didn't realize how to turn on the hot water, but I called the front desk and they immediately sent someone up to show me how. I don't remember the towels (as others have commented) but I usually bring my own towel when I travel anyway. Our experience at other hotels, even more expensive ones, was that every little thing cost extra. At Hotel Ananda, we were never asked for so much as a single rupee extra.At the end of our trip, we decided to stay there again, because we had enjoyed such a pleasant stay the first time. I'm so glad we did. Apparently we stayed when it was &quot;wedding season&quot; and there was a noisy wedding parade outside the hotel. Later, I went back inside and remarked how interesting it was, and the hotel manager said he was off to a friend's wedding and invited me to come along. At first I was a little hesitant, being a young woman headed off at 10 pm to who knows where, but I'm so glad I went. It was really the highlight of my trip. I was the only foreigner there at the wedding, and it was truly incredible. Even though no one knew me, I was treated like a welcomed guest, invited to join in the festivities and to eat and drink with everyone else there.Obviously not everyone will have the same experience, but I found that for a traveller on a budget, it's just as good as many other hotels that cost more. I was quite satisfied with the comfort and cleanliness of the accomodations, and I could not have asked for friendlier, more helpful staff.	
Sep 23 2009 	cheated by staff	Hotel itself is good and located near the market but staff was the cheater. Beaware from staff tricks for making extra money from the customer by selling expensive tours. I am very depressed from the hotel staff and never recommended to others.	
Sep 15 2009 	worst experience there	After stayed there and other parts of India I faced worst experience in this hotel. Staff was unprofessional and misbehave with the customers. When I said them to arrange a car for same day agra tour they quote me the price 150 usd for both of us which not include the entrace fees, and the same tour I booked from the nearby travel agency in just 90 usd . food is so so.	
Sep 15 2009 	Good service clean rooms excellent food.	We stayed here for four pleasant nights. They picked us up at the airport in the evening as requested an got us safely through the delhi night to the hotel. When we arrived everything went smoothly - the first room we got was a bit mouldy, so we requested to change, no problem! We got a room facing the street, and it was nice and quiet during the night. The room itself was clean and nice, excellent bathroom, the ac. worked perfect. We felt completely safe there too.The restaurant at the roof served excellent food, I would recommend the ginger chicken, a nice place to have dinner in the evening. The service was very good, especially the room service guys.When we left they got us a cab to the trains station, and everything went fine, got on our train as planned. I would recommend this place as a good alternative for a quick stay in Delhi.	
Sep 14 2009 	Good clean budget hotel	We arrived from Jodhpur early in the morning taxi waiting as promised, when we arrived we couldn't check in until 12:00, however a room was found for us to freshen-up we weren't impressed with this room as it had a view overlooking a brick wall and a very garish bathroom. The room that we were given was fine, clean, bathroom very spacious and the furniture in the room very good quality, beds were comfy also.. Yes the towels were on the grey side but if you want white fluffy towels book a 5 star hotel At the time of our stay the hotel was undergoing renovation which made negotiating the reception area a bit tricky, but this was nearly finished when we left. The hotel restaurant was closed so meals had to be taken in the room (due to renovations and torrential rain) only ate breakfast but had no problems. No hidden room charges rate quoted was what we paid, taxi to the airport arranged no problems with that, free wi-fi all in all a good budget hotel with easy access to Delhi..	
Sep 12 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Not being sure what to expect as it was out first time in delhi we were pleasently surprised by both the hotel and the service. After being ripped off by people pretending to be the offical tourist office the staff went out of their way to make sure we got a refund. The manager himself spending all day in talks with the police until we finally got a full refund. Excellent staff and clean spacious rooms.	
Sep 9 2009 	great location great staff great price!!	As a solo traveller all the way from London i was slightly nervous about about staying in a hotel in Delhi that is more at the &quot;budget&quot; end of the scale but i have to say those worries went as soon as i stepped in the front doors.The staff were amazing, incredibly helpful, friendly, treated me like royalty and really made the holiday for me, they helped getting sim cards, currency exchange and organised trips for me, nothing was too much trouble.The rooms are simple, but very clean, comfortable and more than worth the money i paid per night for them, i stayed 7 nights, wish it could have been more, thank you ananda! *********Highly recommended***********	
Sep 6 2009 	OK hotel not so OK service	I stayed just a night before catching an early morning flight. Staying at Ananda was fine, the rooms and hotel are clean, way above average in India. They were rebuilding the reception area so the lift wasn't working. I was given the promised rate (confirmed on the phone), so no issues with extra taxes and charges.However I encountered a lot of problems with extra services I requested - I asked them to book me a cab for a day and they tried charging me 100 Rs above the going rate. I neogitated it down with them and thought I was fine. However the driver was rather nasty, always trying to make an extra buck, trying to ask me for parking money at a lot with &quot;free parking&quot; sign. This kept going the whole day until I told him that unless he stops it I will simply get out of the car and not pay him. Again, this wasn't really Ananda's fault, but wel, they are responsible for choosing their partners and ensuring they stick to an acceptable standard.2nd thing that was totally annoying was when I asked them about a taxi to the airport, They tried to offer me their taxi service, but I declined and clearly stated that I want a standard pay-as-you-go cab. I thought everything was ok until I walk outside the door at 6 AM in te morning and realize they called their own cab and want to charge me their inflated price. I almost lost it there - I asked them to call a normal cab, which they said they did, but the other cab was still waiting there, probably thinking I am so pressed for time that I will just jump in and swallow the cost. After a bit of waiting, I got annoyed at them and just hailed he first autorickshaw I saw. The price was about 1/4th of what they were offering me. Normal cab would be around half. They obviously weren't that interested to satisfy me as a guest and just wanted to make extra money out of me.I would probably stay here again if I was in Delhi for a day or so, but certainly not for much longer.	
Aug 28 2009 	very bad hotel	my personal experience in this hotel was bad , hotel was dirty and staff was bad and greedy always making extra money from tourist by. charging so many hidden and not mentioned taxes.I truly never recommend to any tourist	
Aug 20 2009 	Relatively clean and quiet	I'm visiting India for a month and stayed here for 1 night on a short unexpected work trip from Jaipur to Delhi. I had originally wanted to stay in the Ginger hotel but the Ananda was the only available space i found. The reviews looked good and the price was fine so my boyfriend and I took a deluxe room which they gave us for a lower price than stated on the website. The room's power went on when you put the key in a slot so it was a bit hot at first but the (loud) a.c. cooled it nicely and the room and bathroom were large and sanitized. I appreciated the western toilet for a change. The shower was cold but after a hot day I didn't mind. The room was fairly clean, with some marks on the bed sheets that were bearable (small black marks that looked like ink). The under-sheet was not fastened to the mattress and slipped a bit. The area of karol bargh is fun to explore the markets but far from most sights. Rickshaws are available right away though. I had a very sensitive stomach and ate some raita and naan from the hotel kitchen and it was tasty and clean. Good free wi-fi also. The nearby temple bells can wake you early in the morning but the hotel was basically empty, the people working there were efficient and nice, and the room felt comfortably clean and simple despite the slightly marked bedsheets and slightly grey towels. In India, and Delhi in particular, it is a good find for a reliable place to spend a night.	
Aug 20 2009 	Better than first glimpse but nothing great	Ok. First of all the hotel is fine. You can stay here and visit New Delhi, it's close to the metro station Krol Bagh, and about 10 minutes from Connaught Place by 3 wheel taxi which will cost you 100 rupees on a bad day and 40 if you persist a little. The hotel is not dirty, but not too clean either, lets say a bit dingy. My first reaction when I arrived from the airport was that the website sure looked good, and the reality was about 2 notches lower. This area has a busy market and also the immediate streets around the hotel are NOT illuminated at night, which made me a little nervous coming back at night., I don't know if robberies happen in the area for sure but I stayed 7 nights in this hotel and remember seeing a police man taking a statement from a couple of foreign travelers about some kind of incident at least twice during that week. The market that is nearby is interesting, but most of what you see you could find at home too, as it is a busy market area, from about 5am the noise in the street would wake me up, so I tried to go to sleep early. Also the hotel is a bit of a construction site, they are installing an elevator, but looks like progress is slow, for the moment there are only stairs. They offer breakfast on the rooftop, which to me sounded fabulous but the rooftop as well is another construction site with piles of debris and bricks, and piping and cement and who knows what else. On the rooftop they also have the &quot;restaurant&quot; which in reality is a kind of open air lean-to. After my first breakfast on the rooftop, I never returned, there's other places nearby that offer good and reasonable breakfast options.As for the room, the A/C was great. I would return late afternoon each day, soaked in perspiration and immediately enter the room, turn on the A/C and jump in the shower. One reason was because I never experienced hot water in the hotel. Just cold and less cold, so coming in from the street was the best moment to shower. As for the towels, they are supposed to be white, each day I had three in my room and would examine each one, one by one to look for the less stained and almost clean towel. Usually I could find one that was acceptable.The worse part of the visit to Ananda Hotel was the checkout. They had offered me a rate of 1980 rupees per night for a deluxe room. But at checkout they wanted to charge me 2200 rupees. Luckily I had the email confirming the rate with me. Also the gentleman at the counter tried to tell me I had stayed 8 nights, so we counted the nights together on our fingers 3 times until he finally realized that it was just 7 nights. I had ordered a taxi through the hotel to take me to the airport, at a cost of 350 rupees. Not one block from the hotel, the taxi broke down. I jumped out, at started to flag another one. It was the most jarring uncomfortable ride I had had in India, I think a 3 wheeler would have been better. Best thing about this hotel is the free wifi internet.	
Aug 4 2009 	Good home base	We stayed here for 3 nights upon arrival in India. We had a comfortoble room with spacious bathroom. Everything was very clean and functioning properly. the staff immediatly put up two extra matresses for our small childeren. Room service catering was very quick, the food was tasty, plenty and not expensive to Delhi standards. The owner of this hotel was very helpfull working out our travelplan and transportissues. In all, a very good home base for travels in Northern India.	
Jul 25 2009 	Relaxing stay at Ananda Hotel	Our booking via venere.com was successful at the first try.The staff was very friendly &amp; helpful and the rooms were clean, although the elevator was being exchanged we didn't hear it in our rooms.The location is not at the centre but very easy reachable via tuck tuck etc. The Jessa Ram Hospital (Karol Bagh) is known and the hotel is 300m away from it.It was really a nice stay at Ananda an we can recommend it.	
Jul 8 2009 	A cool and quiet Place for Business People in the Bustling Market of Karol Bagh	I was very happy with the hospitality and the room service and the kind of privacy they offered to me . Since I was traveling for business purpose I had to say the staff was very cordial with my clients also they never objected the continuous arrivals of my client . And the plus point is the parking , there are ample of parking place and as every one knows Karol Bagh is a crowded place so a good parking is an exception . I would definitlely recommend this hotel for business people ,it offers great value for money .	
Jun 29 2009 	Clean great food and friendly/helpful staff	I had read quite a few reviews on various hotels in Delhi and I decided to opt for this one as all in all the reviews appeared extremely positive. Also price wise it was one of the more cheaper options. Much to my friends and my own delight it lived up to it's review reputation as a clean hotel with extremely friendly staff. As promised the taxi was waiting for us at the airport free of charge and I have to say the quality of the food in the restaurant was very impressive. It just so happened that one of the managers was also a tour agent which makes for a great selling point in the hotel but in all honestly when you are on a tight timeline it genuinely did make things a whole lot easier.	
Jun 24 2009	Ananda is an oasis	Ananda was an oasis in the middle of the bustling city and some of the things I was grateful for included courteous, highly professional staff, an impeccably clean bathroom with steaming hot water and internet access. The lobby and room had a distinctive sense of style and I enjoyed my stay in the Ananda.	
Jun 23 2009 	Excellent service great value highly recommend this hotel	My experience at the Hotel Ananda was exceptional. The service was outstanding - the hotel arranged for an airport pick-up, the staff was so friendly and helpful and anytime that I needed anything, they were more than willing to help. The room was clean and comfortable and was at a great price. The hotel even has Wi-fi!I really just can't say enough about the staff at the hotel. It was like being among family and I definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jun 16 2009 	Clean simple and friendly	Rooms are not luxurious but definitely more than basic, good bed, spacious bathroom and clean. I stayed two nights, both nights I had warm water, and the air-conditioning was working well. As requested the hotel had arranged airport pick up, complimentary. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The location is good, not too much traffic, easy ride with the tuk-tuk to the ‘centre ‘and the metro station around the corner. If you don’t mind breakfast in bed (there is no breakfast room so breakfast is served in the room, at the time requested) and are looking for a friendly and clean place to stay this hotel offers good value for money, especially in Delhi.	
May 9 2009	fantastic stay in ananda	hotel ananda is a newly built hotel as it seems to, with all new amenities.All latest facilities, like wi-fi, 24 hours hot water, courteous staff24 hours food facility.we had our personal function in Delhi, so I booked this hotel for my relatives and friends , who came from all over India and they enjoyed a lot, thats what reviews I got from my relatives.So, i can say its a place worth staying and spending my hard earnest money.Money wise also it was cheap and best.my best wishes for all Ananda staff.Thanks	
Apr 30 2009 	Friendly and relaxed environment	I was visiting India with my family and wanted a clean and reasonably priced hotel. This was the first visit to India for my wife and 3 kids and therefore wanted a trouble-free hotel which can cater for all our needs. I could not have asked for any more. The location is good, about 35 minutes from the Airport and 15 minutes from New Delhi Railway Station by car. The rooms were clean and spacious. We had a suite room and a deluxe room.Staff were very friendly and helpful. They had a computer in reception which the kids were allowed to use.Room service was good and prompt.For our stay in Delhi we had hired a driver and therefore did not use the public transport nearby.If travelling to this hotel, you should mention the landmark of the hospital in the hotel's address.	
Apr 3 2009 	a quiet clean place in the buzzing capital of india	i stayed in the ananda hotel for 2 days.as i have been traveling through india a lot i know what most of the hotels are like.but i was surprised with this one. i enjoyed my stay.the rooms are very clean,big and comfortable.nice bathtube and big windows.the staff was very friendly and the service excellent.the hotel is situated in one of delhis shopping areas-karol bagh.and the metro station is just walking distance.i was very happy with the hotel and recommend anybody who travels to india to have a look at hotel.enjoy your trip to india.its an amazing place.	
