Nov 17 2009 	You get what you pay for	Corus is supposed to provide a 3 star experience to a business traveler with limited budget and location (CP) in mind. For the frugal sorts whose budget is below 4K this seems to be the best place available. Though if you increase your budget to 5K there are better places.My experience was average with the following high/low points:The goods:1. Rooms and bathrooms were clean and the AC/TV/Mini Fridge worked well. They were small but as I said if you want to stay in CP for less than 4K your choices are limited.2. Staff is extremely courteous/professional and helpful.3. Cafe coffee day at the entrance and the general location is excellent as far as connectivity is concerned. (Inner circle B blcok)The bads:1. Problems with internet. In 4 days the internet was non functional for nearly half the time. A big nono for a business traveller.2. The buffet breakfast included in the price - is just plain bad. Didn't even bother going to the restaurant after the first morning.	
Jun 19 2009 	Comfortable Stay	I stayed in the hotel for two nights &amp; enjoyed my stay . The hotel is very centrally located .The room had a wonderful view . I could see entire Connaught Place. alongwith the &quot;Central Park&quot;, ( I think that's what they call it ! ). The breakfast was included in the room rate , so we could have it in the room or in the restaurant with no extra charges.  &quot; Bonsai &quot; the Restaurant very well done up , vibrant and fresh look , served excellent food and drinks in style ,( nice bar ! ) , not missing the wonderful outside garden area. Definitely this is the kind of hotels you want to find. I'll be back.	
Mar 27 2009 	Good location ok hotel.. by Delhi standards	Corus was the most expensive hotel we stayed at in India and it certainly was not the best. This is to be expected of hotels in Delhi which are all over priced and not worth the cost.The location was great, right on the center ring of Connaught Place in between Old and New Delhi. The sidewalk and streets in front of the hotel were filthy and filled with people begging for money. But, upon entering the hotel the vibe is much better.. there's a great coffee shop in the front (with REAL coffee, hard to find in India). And the check-in lobby was welcoming. The staff were helpful were quick to respond when we needed something. The rooms overlook a (loud) restaurant/bar but we were never kept up by the noise. The rooms are on the small side but aren't bad. Breakfast.. just stay away from the fly covered fruit on the buffet and order from the menu. The food we got from room service was great!I would recommend this hotel if it's in your price range.	
Feb 3 2009 	Rooms 209-211 ONLY -- all the rest are dungeons	We had three rooms for our group, two of which were dumps. No windows and no life. But one room on the top floor at the front of the building had access to a superb terrace with a gorgeous view of the Connaught Place. Others have complained about all kinds of aspects, and they're true. It's kinda dirty, the breakfast was terrible, and the rooms are horrid without the terrace. But, folks, this is Delhi. It's really hard to find a good place here without paying a fortune. The location of the Corus is superb, and for me that helped to make up for the downsides. I'd probably not go back unless I had rooms 209, 210 or 211 guaranteed.	
Jan 29 2009 	great location - dirty hotel	Stayed with family for three nights at the beginning of a 3 week holiday. Though the location was convenient to every place we intended to visit, this hotel was a depressing first impression of what to expect in India. The tiny rooms could have been cleaner. Dirty, cracked windows gave us our first look outside. Staff was friendly and helpful - a positive! In retrospect, it would have been better to do a little more research prior to just booking with the tour agency (Indian Moments) and selected a different hotel based on the experience of other trip advisor travelers. Fortunately most of the other hotels were of higher quality than the Corus.	
Dec 19 2008	Depressing experience	Barely better than a backpackers hostel, this &quot;hotel&quot; wasone of the worst I have ever stayed in. Very noisy, rooms offexternal corridor backing onto dirty back streets. Very basic amenities,worn sheets, bug-tablets in &quot;bathroom&quot;, no hot water.No lift, had to lug bags upstairs.Breakfast minimal on patio next to streets.Unfortunately next step up was to 4-star hotels, more thandouble price, but we made it and were relieved and thrilled.	
Dec 1 2008 	Worst hotel I've ever stayed it BUT...	Myself and 3 colleagues stayed at the Corus at the end of November for a week. The hotel was booked by our Indian colleagues and after reading the reviews on here I was a little concerned. However, although there were problems the hotel was reasonable - and much better than I had anticipated. The main problems were:- No hot water for showers- My room was the only room with a window- the shower flooded the bathroom when you used it- At night it was very noisy outside and my colleague had a boiler above his room which made noise constantly- The room serivce was terrible - microwaved, luke warm processed food- The beds were too short for a person of average height- The loo roll only had about 4 squares of paper!However, none of the above were massive problems for us. I used earplugs every night, kept asking for loo roll and braved the cold water and it was fine. I havent stayed in other hotels in India so have nothing to compare it to, but it exceeded my expectations - and there were some plus points:- The staff were always helpful and friendly - the manager in particular was lovely - The beds were fairly comfortable (after getting used to them!)- The mini bar was fine for drinks- We were all provided with a large free bottle of mineral water every day- The rooms were clean and I had no problem with bugs etc- We had airport pick up which was fineSo overall this hotel is fine if you are looking for somewhere just as a base, but I know it is fairly expensive and you could probably get something better for your money.	
Nov 30 2008	OK hotel	We stayed here for one night at the beginning of our stay in India. We arrived to our room around 11 pm and requested an 8 am wake-up call. Either they misunderstood us or there 8 am looked like 3 am and guess what we were woken at 3 am. Our room was small with no window so we could only assume it was 8 am. We got dressed and then looked at our watch so we ended up drinking tea in the room until breakfast. Breakfast was outside in a patio area and was done very nice. They didn't put out an abundance of food so the hotel must have not been full but it was tasty. There is no elevator in the hotel. The lobby is up a flight of steps on the 2nd floor so if steps are a problem this would not be a good choice. It appeared to be in a good location of the city but we left early so only walked around the park which was across the street from the hotel. The hotel offers free internet service. This is a no frill hotel but was clean and adequate for one night.	
Oct 7 2008	Mixed experience	Hotel was reasonable, rooms very small but clean, excellent location right on the inner circle of Connaught Place. The first room we were shown had no windows but they then moved us to one at the back with a window off an external corridor. This was much brighter but anyone walking along the corridor could look through the window into our room meaning that we had to keep the curtains closed a lot of the time. There were a lot of bugs that came up through the shower drain, but perhaps this is just a feature of New Delhi.Reception staff seemed either exceptionally helpful or surly, no in between.There’s also a great coffee shop at the front and a nice restaurant/bar on the ground floor.Overall a reasonable hotel for the money, in a great location. Next time though, I might choose to spend a little more and stay elsewhere.	
Sep 2 2008 	Dirty and stained	A friend booked this hotel through a travel agent and when I checked out the hotel on TripAdvisor, the pictures made it look much more promising than it really was. Walking in, I was taken aback by the trash on the stairs. The rooms weren't any better. A green chair had deep undertones of brown because it was so dirty. When I pulled back the blanket, the sheets and pillow cases were stained and was covered with strands of hair. The shower wall was covered with soap scum and grime. The air conditioning was either not in commission or at an uncontrollable full blast. The walls had obviously suffered some water damage and were stained.On the plus side, everyone who worked there went out of their way to try to be helpful.Still, would never stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 30 2008	Cought the door bell man STEALING from my bags	Horrible experience.Picture this. You go out for dinner and forget your camera. Go back to the hotel and, when you open the door to your room: surprise! There is the door bell man INSIDE THE ROOM STEALING FROM THE BAGS! I cought him in the act and I was shocked because he had broken into the room just after I left. The manager from the hotel asked me not to call the police, and try to &quot;digest it&quot;.Do I need to say anything else?	
Jul 5 2008 	One of the best options in New Delhi	I worked in Delhi for a few months and needed a convenient hotel that stayed within my budget. Corus hotel ended up being my favorite option.Delhi is not a place famous for its service or efficiency, so bearing that in mind, Corus hotel was far and away better than its peers.The best part of the hotel is its location - the inner circle of Connaught Pl. You are right in the heart of Delhi and next to the subway/metro which is actually a safe and convenient way to get to some destinations in the city (e.g., Red Fort / Old Delhi).The rooms are small and some bathrooms are better than others, however, the place is quite clean, the beds are more comfortable than most, and typically, you do have hot water. (Please keep in mind that in India absolutely none of these things can be taken for granted.) The rate includes breakfast which is just OK, but better than nothing. There is a fairly good japanese restaurant on the first floor of the hotel, with a garden. The food is pretty good, if a little expensive. Careful though - some nights it turns into a disco, so rooms in the 'back' of the hotel are sometimes subject to loud noise until 11 or 12 in the night. The hotel also has a decent room services and some continental options, as well as traditional Indian. A &quot;Cafe Coffee Day&quot; is connected to the hotel in the front, which is the Indian equivalent of Starbucks, which can be a nice bonus (the brownie sundae is recommended).Good luck! Bring plenty of pepto-bismal and immodium. You will need it -- but it will be worth it.	
Apr 8 2008 	not great but given location and cost probably a good option	This hotel has a great location on connaught circle and the funky asian fusion restaurant with nice garden downstairs is also really good (had been craving california rolls so was happy to see the restaurant when we turned up!) The rooms however are not great. First time we stayed we had a standard room, which could also be called world's smallest room, and the bathroom, barely room to turn around. Still it was fairly clean but we didn't sleep well at all as we were right by the stairs so it was really noisy. Second time we stayed in the next grade of room up which was a much better size but had no window and had a funny mothball smell. They have little white balls in the sink (according to my husband you get these in urinals) and i found the smell really overpowering. Still from all my searching online for hotels in delhi it seems you either pay extortionate amounts for a luxury hotel and then peanuts for some really basic rooms so would say this is probably a good mid-range option.	
Feb 29 2008 	Best value in New Delhi	Hotels in New Delhi are notoriously overpriced, and after four nights in subpar but highpriced hotels we stumbled across the Corus Hotel in Connaught Place. We liked what we saw and immediately booked a room for our return five weeks later. What a joyfull experience when we returned! Friendly, uniformed staff with excellent English skills and eager to help in every way; small, but spotless and beautifully furnished room with an excellent bathroom; serene isolation from the chaos of the city; interior garden restaurant. All the trimmings of a well-managed hotel. Price was Rs 5000...about US$135. The final graceful touch was after allowing a late checkout, they offered us the free use of an available room in which to rest before our late night departure to the airport.	
Jan 27 2008	Make Sure You Don't Pay Much	The Corus Hotel's location is very good - right in Connaught Place. The hotel itself is mediocre. Our room was small with a lot of ambient noise. The staff was friendly though the front desk was understaffed. As others have commented, there's no real lobby to the hotel - instead you walk through a cafe up some stairs to get to a tiny lobby. The breakfast however was very good.	
Dec 13 2007 	Avoid At All Costs!	The first problem we encountered was finding this place as it has no frontage like most hotels, it is basically located upstairs inside the Bonsai restaurant. The reception area is small like a corridor, but adequate, nothing grand. We stayed at the hotel on two occasions over three weeks as the hotel was booked by the tour guide. On our first stay for 3 days the room was fine, nothing luxury about it just a basic room with a good view of Connaught Place central park. The next morning we discovered no hot running water, and had to call for assistance, the hotel staff made up a number of excuses regarding the boiler being broke, this is already on some of the reviews for this hotel left by others, so i was pre-warned! The third day the toilet stopped flushing so we had to call an engineer again, later the cold running water ceased to work from the bathroom washbasin. In the end they brought us a bucket of hot water with a jug to wash in, not very practical or hygenic but it was better than not batheing at all. The breakfast was absolutely rubbish, a mish mash of foods not edible together. The juices were very warm and not drinkable, the butter so hard you couldnt spread it on the toast. The restaurant itself was very basic, not the cleaniest place we've eaten at. On our second stay things got worse, we were given a room with no window, and again it had only luke warm water to bathe in...and no bath tub only stand in shower. Apparently out of 65 rooms only 6 have windows, so be warned, we had the premium room with a window!! The air con was extremely noisy so we switched it off, but the humidity in the room was awful as there was no air or natural light. Summing up this hotel, i would recommend you pay extra and try somewhere like connaught hotel. We stayed at 6 hotels during our stay in India and all the rest were good to pure luxury, this hotel is really a 1.5*, i couldtn give it even 2 stars as i dont think it is worthy of it.	
Nov 12 2007 	Not bad...	I stayed in this hotel on October 2007 for 4 nights. Everything depends on what you expect from an hotel especailly if you are going to stay in Delhi... If you spend most of your time in the hotel to meet some friends or colleagues, I don't recommend it.. But if you are gonna be out of the hotel during the entire day and go to the hotel only to sleep, then there is no point to spend a lot of money to the other 5 star hotels which you need to pay between 300-500 USD per night... First of all this hotel's location is perfect... It's at the Inner Circle of Connaught Place [--] where you can find many international fast food restaurants, shopping places, post office, etc.. and close to the all local bazaars. The hotel is clean and modernly decorated. There is hot water but you need to wait for few minutes to get it as they most probably use solar panels during the day and central heating system at nights... If you order the cheapest room from their website, you'll stay in a room without a window.. Actually this is not a problem for me as I never stay in my room during the day. There was no big bath towel in the room but when you ask for it, they bring more than you ask. There is no hair dryers in the rooms either. You can ask for it too (if it's available) but it's not powerful. There is air condition, mini bar (without much options) and TV (showing mainly local channels) in the room. They have free wireless internet and I didn't face a connection problem. There is no lobby where you can sit and wait for someone but there is a modern-nice and popular coffee at the entrance of the hotel.. There is also a nice open air restaurant (Bonsai) in the hotel. I don't recommend to order a pick up service from the airport especially if you arrive to Delhi late at night. I have ordered one but there was no one waiting for me (Later, they apologized for the mistake and provided me a car for my departure). It's better to take a &quot;pre-paid taxi&quot; from the airport and go to the hotel by your self (I paid 350 rupees). The taxi drivers may not know the name of the hotel but if you tell the driver to take you to the Connaught Place Inner Circle, you will easily find the hotel. As a result, this is not the best hotel that I stayed so far but if you won't feel uncomfortable with some small problems, I can recommend it..	
Nov 8 2007	Worst Value Hotel in Four Month Trip	I picked the Corus after reading the latest review in Lonely Planet. Don't make the same mistake. This hotel was totally over-priced for the quality of the experience. It cost 5000 rps, plus tax, for a double room. For that we got:- One hot shower in four days;- The shower cubicle filled with water after 2 minutes and completely flooded our bathroom.- The only way the staff could get the hot water to work was by turning on the hot water tap in the sink, and then letting the shower run for 10 minutes. But of course, that totally flooded the bathroom. - No window.- Only intermittent television and Internet reception.- The air conditioning system was so loud it kept us awake at night.- The staff were friendly, but unhelpful. When we had problems they couldn't fix them, and if they made any attempt they expected a tip. We needed an extra bed for one night, and it took us five calls to reception (over 8 hours) to get it. We only got it because we were going to bed and refused to leave the reception room until it was done.I was also annoyed at the price. When I rang the hotel to make the booking I was told it was 5000 rupees, tax included. When I came to pay I was told that tax was not included. I paid, but said I was annoyed at being misled on the phone. The hotel then lied and claimed that I had booked through a travel agent!Whatever you do, don't stay at this hotel!!! For this price you can find a much better place in Delhi.	
Sep 30 2007 	Nice little place in the centre of town	After looking on here for reviews, my colleague &amp; I said it looked a safe bet. The hotel has a very good location. The reception area is nice &amp; was being refurbished when we arrived. My room was in the main block &amp; had no windows. It was very quiet. Air con &amp; fan worked really well. The only problem was getting hot water. There was never any. I didn't mind too much as it was extremely hot and humid so a cold shower suited me fine. The free internet was a bonus too. I would recommend this hotel to others. The price was good. A nice restuarant is included inside the hotel too.	
Aug 27 2007 	Many probelms with the Corus!	We booked this hotel because a collegue from work recomended this place and because Hotels in Delhi are overcharged and we didn't wanted to spend so much. We booked directly with their webpage and also payed for the airport pick up, since we arrived late at night. When we arrived to the airport, no one was there to pick us up. We had to pay a pre-paid taxi from the airpot who brought us to Connaught place, but once we were there he told us he didn't know this hotel. The streets were deserted so he entered another hotel to ask for directions at 1am in the morning! No one knew how to get to the Corus. After half an hour of asking and being lost we finally arrived. We were furious to know why they didn't picked us up at the airport, but to our surprise they didn't even had our reservation since their webpage took one day to process the information (but didn't say so in the web page!!!) The hotel is ok, the bed is clean but the bathroom is awful! no hot water! no comfort at all and found many big insects at the shower. The breakfast buffet is good, and the restaurant staff very kind. However the front desk staff was almost rude and unprofessional. After this experience we suggest to pay a little bit more to be in a nicer hotel but be more confortable in Delhi and enjoy more the city.	
Jul 16 2007	great Hotel !!	great place, good service, excellent oriental cusine at the restaurant called Bonsai ! overall a very comfortable stay. keep it up !	
Mar 28 2006	Great Location Great Service	Price: Excellent $90Location: Excellent - CentralService: Hospitality Redefined - Pleasantly Surprised - New Hotel, Great ServiceRooms: Small - But Reasonable - Neat, Clean and comfortable.They should show more of their room pics than passage photos on their website.	
Mar 17 2006	Only the location saves it!	We stayed here for 3 nights after arriving in India for a 3 week tour.The room was large but with grubby sheets,tepid water and the special bonus of blood stained towels!The breakfast which comes to the room is only white sliced toast although we noticed Indian guests having cooked food in the corridor as there is no dining room.Mysteriously we got a letter from the Manager telling us chicken was off the menu due to bird flu!The one saving grace is the location at the heart of Connaught Place with a new Metro station outside and you can walk in the evening to a number of good quality restaurants very close by.	
Nov 21 2005	False Impressions	Their motto is &quot;Hospitality Redefined&quot; which, after reading this personal account, is quite apt but for all the wrong reasons.Dirty, old sheets (one covered in blood, which was not removed after 3 requests), cold showers (was told to run the water for upwards of 5 mins - but even longer running time led to no more than strictly lukewarm), no restaurant / eating room (breakfasts in your own bedroom (no table, only 1 chair - none of which is conducive to business travel), generator blasting away just outside our rooms (accessed via a balcony-style corridor, overlooking a shambles outside), phone bills charged to your room, no toilet paper, only Pepsi in the room bar, no offstreet parking, no formal hotel entrance, but instead a flight of steps up from street level, a street covered in dust &amp; traders.All this for the exhorbitant fee of U$155 nightly, plus 12½% Delhi hotel tax fee. Owner would not budge when asked for a refund, based on the above issues. It just so happened that Delhi was more or less fully booked for a Trade Convention, so no chance of relocating, otherwise I would have done so.Definitely not 3-star material, don't be fooled by the name, their motto or the web pictures.In short, avoid like the plague.	
Aug 18 2007 	Hotel MINABLE		
