	Delhi	Looks like an apartment converted to a Hotel.Interiors are decent and well maintained.But no good support from reception regarding travel or tourism.Food provided is not good enough and not on time. Probably getting from some other source.No other activity in the hotel when you come out of the room. Overall a congested feeling.	
Oct 14 2009 	Good service	The hotel is ok, clean and have good service. The staff was very helpful, and everytime we had questions they helped us imediatly. We booked a 4 days trip with them and thaught it was very good. We had our own guide and driver that we were very satisfied with. We could enjoy our vaccation and see the real India in a way that we could not do by ourselves.	
May 29 2009 	Warning:-The SUCKS	I had booked a super deluxe room with the hotel for one night, since i had to board a train back home from my honeymoon trip.I reached the hotel at night around 23.00 and was led up to my room. The room had a torn bedsheet which I told them to change, upon removing the bedsheet we saw a gapping hole in the mattress cover too.The replacement bedsheet had oil stains on it and looked pretty old from the blue stains.The bathroom had two torn towels, in fact it seemed they had been used for more than they should have, since they were nearly thread bare.The refrigerator was kept in a wooden closet and at one corner you could see a large damp patch due to improper drainage of defrost water.The AC had a front panel that was stuck on with CelloTape.The room was too small to be comfortable and felt suffocating,even for normal rooms charges, i would have not booked it, had i known about it, leave alone &quot;Superior Deluxe Room&quot;.The elevators moved with a jerk as if it was to giveaway any moment now.We were dog tired from our trip and since it was for a night, we had to put up with the hotel.I would definitely not recommend this hotel to anybody since they are cheating people by giving fancy names to rooms which by any standards are inhospitable.A huge THUMBS DOWN for this hotel.	
Mar 12 2009 	Disgusted! - in league with one of the commision scammers	After we hopped into a taxi at the airport (pre-paid no less) who conveniently couldn't speak English when we gave our hotel address, we were whisked off to a so called tourism office who then showed us Megha Palace.The sad and dreary reception is manned by a surly, sour and rude man who was reticent to provide us with fast or friendly service. After he huffed through the sign-in process we were shown the stuffy rooms. We were shown our room by a sleazy character who would not leave us in peace and confronted with filthy linen, grimy and paint peeling on the walls, exposed wires from light fittings, leaky plumbing, abused and dilapidated furniture. I didn't expect much in Delhi, but this was the pits for the US$35 night they were asking....I can unreservedly say it is way too much for what it is, and what it is, is extremely poor.When we tried to checkout the following morning the managers attitude had not changed. He in fact told us to sit while he quietly called the so-called &quot;tourist information man&quot;, or otherwise known as commison/scammer. who intercepted us. We were promptly whisked off again to try and make bookings for tours we did not want. Thanks Megha Palace!AVOID THIS ONE AT ALL COSTS! We have stayed in some low budget places, and this one is not value for money nor is it an ethical operation.	
Oct 13 2008	Pleasent stay	I Stay one Month in this hotel.they pick me from airport.Hotel is very clean , hot &amp; cold water exxellent. Room is good size , King size bed . Metro Station on walking distance. food is very good in resonable Price. Staff Courteous ,becuase of stay long for medical perpose Owner reduce cost .	
Apr 2 2008 	An unreliable unprofessional hotel	My wife and I had reserved a two-night stay at the Megha Palace, including free airport pickup (which is offered if you stay two nights or longer). In our email we clearly specified the dates of our stay and the arrival date and time of our plane from Europe. The hotel confirmed our room and airport pickup bookings. But after going through the airport formalities and picking up our luggage (it was around 1:45 am), we found there was no one from the hotel to receive us. Lots of other hotels had drivers waiting for arriving passengers. You can imagine how bad we felt not seeing anyone holding a sign with our name. When I called the hotel up, they said they had no reservation for us for that night, but told us to take a pre-paid taxi to the hotel which they would reimburse. Naturally we assumed they had a room available. The taxi driver had a hard time finding the hotel - and we ended up having to call the hotel on our cell phone, which meant a long-distance call from Europe to India!! We gave the cell phone to the driver so he could get directions. When we got to the hotel at about 3 am, it turned out they had no room booked for us for that night and told us we needed to wait until 5 am when one of the rooms was supposed to be vacated. Why didn't they tell me this on the phone when I called from the airport?? We were very tired and sleepy and naturally wanted a room right away. So they booked us a room in another hotel in the area, but it wasn't that close - and we were told we had to vacate the room by 8 am!!! Having no choice, we proceeded to the hotel in the same taxi. After a sleepless few hours in the second hotel (accompanied by a few cockroaches and the constant noise of people talking, shouting and moving about), we went back to the Megha Palace (they sent a car for us). The second hotel had no rooms for the following night. The Megha Palace is adequate (though, like the other hotel, it was fairly noisy at night and there were some roaches in the room), and they did reimburse us for the taxi, BUT why did we have to go through all this??? We clearly specified the dates, and the hotel confirmed our room booking and the airport pickup. This is unacceptable. I was later told by an Indian relative that it is best to book by phone. I would recommend calling the hotel you've booked the day before to make sure they know you're coming. But...in Delhi please don't stay at the Megha Palace, Megha Sheraton or Madonna hotels (which belong to the Karmesh group)!	
Mar 13 2008 	travelling alone in India	I organised my travelling in India, 25 days, with the help of Megha Hotel since it provided appropriate room and service for the price, and returning time to time back from the trips, I had the feeling to return back home to the hotel. I got excellent help in organising my trips both by train, sleeping trainand by car and driver, with prebooked hotels of good quality in several villages. Special thanks for respecting by budget for the trip, I felt trust, I was safe, and picked up, and dropped at the railwaystations during the night as well. I had the pleasure to meet people from India, on business, and to speak to local people knowing well the traditions, and sights. in the hotels.Thanks for Mr.Pintou for the organisation, help, advice and care.	
Oct 7 2008 	Das Hotel ist sauber und der service ist gut.		
