Nov 20 2009 	Fine business hotel -- not fully luxurious but well above average	I was put up here by a Government of India agency I was visiting. The hotel is owned by GOI, I believe, and so they get preferential rates. It was of the caliber of a nice Marriott -- clean, spacious (I was in the &quot;annex&quot; wing), relatively modern. Not glitzy (I'd stayed at the Taj Palace in Delhi 10 days earlier -- that was about as glitzy luxurious as I've ever been). Service was professional but not obsequious, not overly solicitous. If I'd paid myself, I might have been disappointed, but compared to other &quot;business&quot; hotels I stayed at in India, this was fine. (I'm from the US, have traveled extensively in developing countries.)	
Nov 14 2009 	Old glory that has disappeared for ever	I stayed at The Ashok for 4 nights at a business trip in the beginning of November 2009. What a disappointment. Old glory has gone and it will take a multimillion investment to ever get this back. The state of the hotel is miserable, the only thing that has been restored is the entrance lobby. The room was middle sized and looked rather Ok, but there is a big cleaning problem here. The floor was really dirty, no way to walk bare foot here. Free wireless internet was available and it worked well, but every 24 hours you had to return to the reception desk (very long walk!) to get a new voucher. There is a problem with staff in general and the front desk staff in particular. They are not interested at all to give any service to their guests. Their only interest seems to be to get tipped! As an example, I was informed two times wrongly about meeting places because the staff just didn’t care to look it up properly, which resulted in two times a 10 minutes’ walk to the wrong place.The Ashok is a very big hotel in the diplomatic area of Delhi, so the surroundings are nice. This is the only positive thing I can say about this hotel. Next time I definitively will look for another place to stay in Delhi.	
Nov 5 2009 	Definetelly not a 5 star hotel	I stayed in Ashok for 2 nights during a conference. The booking has been made by the organisers of the conference so I had no choice. Before visiting the hotel I read the reports n the tripadvisor and I was terrified!Upon arrival I had some positive feelings because the lobby areas is really fine and the service I received in the front desk very good. Upon entry in my room the disappointment started. The big problem with the hotel has to do with the cleanliness. The hotel and particularly the rooms are dirty. The space of the rooms is fine, the furnitures really old (but OK) but you can see everywhere that there is no proper cleaning. I tried the room service and although efficient (it took about 20 minutes) the food was of a fast food quality.Staff was friendly and the wireless internet fast enough and free. In no case this is a 5 stars hotel, but it is not terrible.	
Oct 5 2009 	Good loaction average service	I stayed in Ashok last month with my family for a brief holiday. The location is quite good almost midway between the city center and the airport. The staff was courteous but a bit lazy, rooms were good but seemed a bit old as far as the upholstery is concerned. The bathrooms do need a lot of improvement and this was one negative factor of the place. The food was average and we preferred eating outside in the private restaurants situated within the building. The pricing was definitely on the higher side as compared to the services offered.The place is undergoing some massive renovation and i expect to have a better experience the next time I am in Delhi.	
Jun 18 2009 	Cheapest Five star in delhi..expansive but moderate service	Great expansive property in one of the best areas in Delhi.Right in the heart of diplomatic enclave, this hotel has seen its better days.Still, it is trying to modernize post privaitization and addition of Fbar and the host of events it hosts is propelling it forward.Price is normally around 8k INR which makes it one of the cheapest, if not the cheapest in Delhi.Always full of foreigners (mainly backpackers or organized trippers), Indian bureaucrats and Indian airlines crew, this is a nice value for money hotel.During one stay, i got a refurbished room which was a huge improvement over the previous ones. In room dining can easily be accomplished for 400/500 per person a steal.Sagar ratna is a recommended restaurent. The pool isnt heated and the staff are servile and still retain the sycophantic outlook always on the lookout for tips.in all stay if you want a five star at the cheapest rate in the best part of delhi.	
Jun 15 2009 	Big but not Luxury Hotel	Jet Airways Provided us one night stay at this hotel.As Jet Airways staff didn't board our baggage at origination Point.So,this stay was given by Airlines.But we didn't find this hotel equal to 5 star hotel standards.Rooms were smelly,A/C was not effective,No Courtesy by staff,Breakfast was cold,Dinner was not good in taste.So,we will say this was an average hotel &amp; we will never prefer to go there.	
Jun 11 2009 	stinky poo	Worst room, service, foodand stinky Toilets.. Don't use the hotel.. Not for human beings	
May 29 2009 	Great Business Place	Great LocationBest FoodGood Pool Good Business FacilitiesGreat House KeepingHelpful staff	
May 3 2009	loved the disc	this hotel is situated in a good location....and can say...its value for money	
Apr 19 2009 	Subject of an Emperor	As an invited participant of an' International Stakeholders' consultation,I was accommodated in 'The Ashok',Chanakyapuri,New Delhi. An aristocratic name in the diplomatic enclave of the capital city raised our expectations to perhaps somewhat unreasonable limits.There were major problems with the attitude and approach of the staff which started considering you as subjects of the royalty(a subject /Praja of Maharaja/Emperor Ashok) the moment they realized that for the 'second class guests' everything is on the house/to be paid by the organizers.Even an offer to utilize the services against a payment was looked in a dubious manner with not so polite insistence on submission of all the details of credit card etc.I am sorry but even after a passage of more than 3 years I do not remeber a moment after the seesions which I enjoyed there though it could have been very easily done.I still cherish the time spent at Hotel Japhu,Kohima,Nagaland,Taj,Chikmaglur,Hotel Oberoi,Calcutta,Holiday Inn,Genva,Hotel Kigali,Rwanda and Taj Colombo Sri Lanks etc. mainly beacuse of the welcoming and accomodating attitude of the respective staff.	
Apr 18 2009 	Very good property no value for money	The ashoka hotel is one of the grandest hotels in India built by the govrnment. The hotel has exceptional facilties - the gym and swimming pool is very good. The price is very high though for the qulity of service and good. The service is more govrnmentish with people wanting tips for even small work. The gym is one of the best in India and attracts the political class and sportsmen. The food is good and has signficant variety. I would recommend this place to anyone wanting to spend a short time in New Delhi and needs access to central delhi	
Apr 17 2009	lousy place at a very high price	This is a very lousy place with nothing great about it and comes with a very high tariff rates. Everything is very costly and rooms are not well maintained. the only exception is the its Restaurant Frontier which serves good food.	
Mar 22 2009 	=not as horrible as expected	I stayed at the Ashok this past week and was quite relieved that it was not as horrible as the other reviews indicate. My room did not seem dirty, and housekeeping came daily - i left a tip each day, so maybe that helped. Bugs: i did see a small roach in my room on night one, he was dead by morning from insecticide poisoning. Previous reviewers complained about a bad smell in the hall- it's clearly insecticide, i take it roaches are hard to eradicate in that part of the world. It was kind of gross to find the coverlet on my bed smelled of bug spray, but what can you do, better that than more roaches. It IS a third world country, after all...i think the problem is that they are charging first world prices. If my workplace hadn't paid, maybe i would have been more upset with the shortcomings. I def. wouldn't stay there if i was paying!the staff: here i will agree. they were rude and impatient when i repeated things back to them to verify information about how to get a cab, or where to store my luggage in the interval between check out time and the end of my conference. did not appreciate the attitude. i am a woman traveling alone, maybe you could be a little patient that i want to be sure i have the information right? and yes, housekeeping are big tip seekers....despite leaving a tip when i left in the morning, they would ring my doorbell at 8-9 at night to &quot;see if i needed anything&quot; I woud ignore the doorbell and then at least once they called on the phone! go away! they hang out in the hallway and pounce when you come back to inform you that they changed the fruit in your room or whatever,. looking for a tip. Also i was supposed to have free breakfast in the coffee shop included in my room tarrif. Most days i didn't bother. My last night there i got ill and tried to exchange my breakfast ticket for two cans of sprite the next morning, to soothe my stomach. they wouldn't do it. wanted me to pay. I tried to reason with them that whatever food i would eat if i came for breakfast would cost more than the sprite. i wanted two cans of sprite for breakfast, right? they had me sit down, talked amongst themselves, offered me canned juice. Juice made me sick in the first place. They wouldn't budge. This completely pissed me off. that is one star customer relations. WTF? He tried to tell me the relative expense of the items wasn't the issue blah blah blah but i lost patience to hear his explanation and stalked out. They just wanted more money. Like every freakin' Indian i encountered in Delhi, unfortunately. hang on to your purse because people will be trying to sell you things/cheat you at every turn!	
Mar 8 2009 	over priced - under whelmed - ashock ing hotel	shabby, smelly , tired, and that was just the staff. Poorly trained they did not have a clue. The fixtures and fittings were poor, the views awful and generally just disappointing. Our deluxe room had a comfortable bed and that was about it. One scruufy towel each, a grubby bathroom and no sign of any love or care.Of the six restaurants in the hotel only two were open and one of them was just vile. The other was average but top prices.Our 3 1/2 night stay cost £700 - do not stay here.This was billed as a five star hotel with matching prices - I suggest they invest in some lessons from the Taj Group - felt completely ripped off and we were both very ill into the bargain. hope it loses down - would like my money back!	
Mar 1 2009 	Nice but over priced good location near airport	Good pick up at the airport, nice room and grounds but over priced.	
Feb 22 2009 	sad...	Was my 4th stay at the hotel since 2000 and sorry to state that it's not getting better. Staying there as it's the place of the conference I am attending so it's just to avoid taking taxis on several occasions per day.... Had booked and confirmed room with balcony though received room without. When referring back to the reception's staff (be aware of the cashiers, as greedy as the years before) was informed, that the rate is the same... It's by far overpriced and one has to greet the staff, it's not the staff greeting you.... Meals at coffee-shop are &quot;OK&quot; while the staff at coffee-shop is at least trying to be friendly and fast.... trying... The staff at business-center tried to be of help and while services are really expensive, none of the 11 mails I had send arrived.....	
Feb 13 2009 	What a view!	I and my wife were travelling to Delhi for romantic getaway. We wanted to experience some really good places &amp; things together.We wanted to spend time in some good hotel so we could remember the stay as well as the places of stay. We had heard a lot about Hotel Ashok, how magnificient it is and how marvelous the view from the hotel top looks.We called up and booked a reservation for us. When we visited the hotel, we were impressed by how huge it looks from outside and how well it was maintained. The reception was quite good. The wait at the checkin was not at all there and within few minutes we were escorted to our room by a bellboy.The room was spectacular. It was well furnished and even the bathroom had marble tiled floor and huge mirrors. The room was spacious and had a very huge balcony. The Balcony was overlooking some gardens and playgrounds. THE VIEW FROM THE BALCONY WAS AWESOME. It gave us a very open view of the outside, yet private from others. We loved it.The restaurant in the basement was quite good. They have different types of restaurant serving different kinds of cuisines. We tried few of them and they were quite good food.Coming to the cons: As known before, the hotel is slightly on an expensive note. It is not easy to use it as a regular getaway. We had our own transportation for most of the time and hence distance wasn't the matter but on a few occasion, getting public transportation was not easy. However the hotel do have lot of Auto and Taxi guys waiting around and the doorman can help to get one for you.Overall, it is a great place and we really enjoyed it.	
Nov 6 2008	loved the ambience	I heard a great deal of bad reviews before we left. The Ashok is a government owned hotel and hence does not have the massive private investment of the other in the diplomatic enclave. I was greeted in a friendly manner when I arrived (4am, can't say I'm to impressed with Delhi Airport), staff were friendly and helpful throughout my stay. I am on the 3rd floor in a really nice room, I have two beds to myself, my room is cleaned and stocked daily. Everywhere I go I am saluted or bowed to, the decor is good, the place is clean. A few things to watch for: A few of the plug sockets have issues but for RS70 you can get a pretty good plug adaptor, the food in the 'Coffee Shop' is good enough, nothing special and the Paprika Chicken is awful, don't try the chinese restaurant, we ordered 3 plates of food and some rice and each dish got steadily worse, the first was what looks like a plate of ears (Chicken), the second looked like a pile of rotting cat poo (Beef) and the third looked like a collection of arteries and viens (Lamb) - absolutley disgusting! The rice wasn't bad though. Stay away from most of the food, check out the 'Fusion' bar, the staff are great and really freindly. I would definatley come here again.	
Oct 7 2008 	don't ever think about it!	OMG! I don't know what kind of star it has, definitely it's not shining!!! My husband and I went there for a medical convention.we arrived late evening, checked-in and went straight to our room. voila! smelly,bedcovers are dirty, yellow stained pillow cases,,creeking wavy faux wood flooring and bathroom was filthy! thanks heaven we brought our rubber slippers! you can't walk inside without it! haay, the next morning we went to the convention and came to the hotel room late...Surprise! room was smelled up with tobacco! i was angry but my husband told me to keep my cool. the next day, we let the cleaning man tidy up our room, my husband was in the shower and me reading seated behind a desk. peeking once in a while to see if the man is doing his cleaning job properly. satisfied, we gave him a big tip and closed the door. my husband went ahead to the convention and left me. while i was in the shower, someone rang the doorbell, thought it was my husband and might forget something, i ran to the door since it has no observation hole, asked loud &quot; sweetheart, is that you?&quot;. then that someone spoked indian that i dont understand and i said &quot;later&quot;!! with emphasis!  after a shower, i put on my clothes and was taking my time putting on my make-up, somebody rang the door again. the cleaning man gave me a basket of fruits and a bottle of coke and i said thank you and closed the door. rang the door again, it was a man wearing black suit and said that my laundry will be delivered that same day, i said thanks and closed the door. after i made myself up, i headed to the door to go out but suddenly the phone rang, thought it was my husband, i picked it up and said &quot;hello? sweetheart? helloo, hello? but the other line was just listening to my voice and all of a sudden i heard this voice of a woman moaning and in indian language! lewd! i placed the receiver down in a hurry and frozed, wondering what was it? who was it? after several seconds the phone rang again, i let it rang 3 times, i answered it again with firm and loud voice &quot; dad, is that you? hello,who is this?!! hello,hello?!! same thing happened again! i banged the phone, trembling,terrified. ran out the door and asked the cleaners who was the prank caller that made the lewd calls. i dont know if they understand me! my gosh! this is supposedly a five star hotel in their country! is it?!!! or never? after i complained, i noticed that there are more securities all over the hotel! holy cow! we've been around the world and never encountered such a thing! we will never go back to that place again! before that thing happened, the staffs look at you creepily as if they haven't seen a woman before! and outside of that hotel as well! creeeepy!!! rating? BLACK STAR!	
Sep 29 2008 	Smelly	This place is awful. Our convention was held here, and so, in order to avoid the hassle of getting a trustworthy driver every day, we decided to stay here despite the negative reviews. Hotel staff were a little creepy. Our hallway smelled very bad (especially in the mornings). Luckily, most of the smell remained in the hall and did not come into our room. That's not to say that our room didn't smell, it was just better in comparison. It was impossible to get internet in your room, so you needed to go down to the main lobby to get any work done. And since only one of the electrical outlets in the lobby seemed to be working, you had to make sure your computer was well charged before coming downstairs.I did see one roach in the hallway, (luckily again, not in our room). Stains, of course, on the towels/shower curtains. Our friends from Kenya were met with unacceptable racism from the hotel's club. I can't possibly say enough bad things about this hotel. Stay somewhere else!	
Aug 20 2008 	In my 6 weeks in India this was the worst	In the 6 weeks and 15 cities I've been to in India, this was the worst of the worst (and I stayed here more than once!). The staff was the rudest I've encountered anywhere, the room was dirty, the location was far from anything, and it was of course overpriced. I highly recommend against staying here.	
Aug 3 2008 	!!! AAAAAGGGGGGHHHHHHH !!!	We have never stayed in such a filthy, crumbling, insect ridden, mold covered, noisy, smelly establishment in my life - and wouldn't wish anyone else to!! Had we wished to experience such a place, we would have booked into a B&amp;B in the bazaar. On second thoughts, that would probably have been a nicer place to stay!!!The windows didn't fit properly so you had the noise and the smell of the traffic. We slept on top of the covers because of the state of the bed linen and would not walk on the carpets in bare feet. As for the bathroom - we washed in the sink rather than use the shower/bath.Doors to service areas/laundry were left open and you could see and smell the mold growing on the walls. Quite nauseating - it just made our skin itch!!One night was one night too much but as we'd arrived at 10pm, we didn't have the energy to look elsewhere!For a government run hotel, it was an absolute disgrace. The place ought to be knocked down as it is a health hazard. Even if this was the only starred hotel left in New Delhi, we would not stay here again. We would take the B&amp;B in the bazaar any day of the week!!	
May 2 2008 	Value for Money	Room rates in Delhi are surely overpriced as there is such a dearth of world-class hotel accommodation. In such a scenario, the Ashoka Hotel is one of the most reasonably priced 5-star accommodation available as it is still government owned.The acommodation is good and the service even better. Though many years old, the hotel has good rooms that are well appointed and reasonably big. Will surely use this hotel again.	
Mar 18 2008	Stay away !!	I would advise you to stay away from this hotel. I found that my hair dryer would not work, nor my television, not the desk light nor the floor light, and some of the electrical sockets. As I discovered them, most of these necessitated a visit from staff - at first I tipped those who fixed them, but then decided maybe this was a racket to get more tips. I was also suspicious about the fact that they only turned down the beds and left in fresh water AFTER I had gone to my room in the evening, no matter how late I returned - and waited around for a tip. They stopped turning down the bed after two days when i left them tipless for this. The shower curtains were stained, as was the armchair - and i found dirty slippers with lots of dust under my bed. When my message light showed, I discovered that the message key did not work, the first person I asked to help me on this never came back to me on it. Eventually i found another staff person who managed to get my messages, through an unknown code which he did not give to me - there were no instructions on how to access these messages anywhere in the room. The food (which tasted quite good, or at least the indian style food) was very expensive - more than the price for a similar meal back in the U.S. Service however was terrible - we waited 15/20 mins for some water to be brought to us. The use of wireless access cost $25 a day. The cost per night for this hotel is outrageous for a Delhi hotel - $250 a day - best go elsewhere.	
Mar 3 2008 	Dirty buggy and ridiculously overpriced	My husband and I stayed here for a conference at the end of February. It's a dump. Our room hadn't been vacuumed in ages, there was hair everywhere and orange pits on the bathroom floor, and our room (and a colleague's) had cockroaches. We're seasoned travelers and have stayed in dodgy places before, but for $250/night (the conference rate), we expected to at least be able to walk barefoot from shower to suitcase without accumulating someone else's hair and food on our feet. I don't know what the cleaning staff does there, besides barge into your room to deliver unnecessary and unrequested items (matches, extra bottles of water when you already have three) in the hope of getting a tip. In addition, the elevators shorted out on us a couple of times, and our electronic door-key receiver thing took three or four tries to unlock. The (consistently rude) hotel staff gave me the key to someone else's room and then acted like I'd done something sneaky to get it, and they lectured my husband on the proper insertion of the key card when he tried to get a replacement for his non-functional key. Conference meals were held in a courtyard area with thin carpeting laid over a mystery substrate that was apparently full of rocks. I saw many conference-goers trip and spill their food. (No great loss, as the food sucked, but dangerous all the same.)To top it all off, the lobby is full of carpet and trinket shops, so if you haven't already grown sick of hearing &quot;madam, take a glance, no need to buy, just look,&quot; then you're sure to get your fill on your way to the elevators.Try hard to stay away from the Ashok.	
Feb 23 2008 	May be OK one day	Hayes &amp; Jarvis &quot;upgraded&quot; us to the Ashok from the Oberoi Maidens for the first 3 nights of our India tour. We read the reviews and hoped it would not be as bad as reported, but unfortunately it was. Our rooms were dirty, especially the bathrooms which looked as thougth they had not been cleaned properly for years. You could hardly see in the mirror and the last guest's rubbish was still in the bins. It was very difficult to get rid of our creepy room &quot;boy&quot; who seemed to appear for no apparent reason every time we went to our rooms. My mother, particularly, was rather unnerved as she was sleeping alone and dreaded him just walking in - in the end she had to be quite rude to him, which is not her nature at all, and after that we hardly saw him, which was quite a relief. The restaurant was OK but a long walk along a miserable corridor from the main part of the hotel. We were not keen on the buffet dinner but the a la carte meals we had were acceptable and not bad value for money. The good news is that they do seem to be in the process of refurbishing the hotel and the new parts, like the &quot;Island&quot; restaurant and the business centre are very nice. I think it will one day be restored to its former glory but they also need to train the staff to do something other than look for tips.	
Feb 18 2008 	A Shoker!	Delhi is suffering from an accute hotel room shortage. The result is the Ashok at USD400 a night for an ordinary hotel room, ordinary tired property with ordinary to below average service. The room is clean, the bed comfortable and the water hot but for USD400 you want a little bang for your buck.The fridge was faulty. TV reception unwatchable despite three visits by repairman. Mod cons like the &quot;wireless&quot; internet served up a strength that redlined at least once a minute making transfers of longer documents virtually impossible (again technicians could not help). Request for ice through room service (no machine or alternative available on the executive floor) was accompanied by high expectations for a tip and on one occassion unannounced entry when I left the door ajar accidently (ie did not knock before entering).Seriously, there are some great hotels in Delhi (I like The Park) - The Ashok is not one of them	
Nov 20 2007 	Stay clear of the Ashok	Overrpiced - London prices for poor quality rooms and miserable service. The lowest point was when the waiter in the lobby lounge wiped the tea cups with his finger, and later washed our cups behind the desk with water from a mineral water bottle, from which he was also drinking. The same waiter also had poured us two cups of tea, then whisked the teapot away to finish the rest of the tea with his colleague. Do not stay there!	
Nov 15 2007 	They issued the room to another guest 1 hr after I checked in!	I was shocked that someone opened my door after midnight and we found out that the hotel issued the same room to another guest! I think that was an inexcusable error, what kind of security is that?I booked for a Superior Room but was given a Standard Room instead. The room is qutie recently renovated. The bathroom has no bathtub so the floor is wet after shower. There is not enough space to place toiletries too. The sound proofing is not good. I could hear TV noises from other rooms and the staff can be loud when they go around their duties along the corridor.The breakfast buffet was ok, your best bet is Indian food. The masala dosa was good. But no dosa on Sunday.The best part of the hotel is its gym. Modern equipment with individual TV screen. The staff seemed to be more friendly towards the regular clum members though.	
Aug 24 2007 	The good and the bad	OK, good things first: The hotel has a an awesome architecture and presents the atmosphere of the historical New Delhi. The reception hall and the sheer size of the hotel is impressive.The service is friendly and the restaurants are of good quality. The fitness and SPA area is really first class: Latest equipment and qualified trainers.For the rooms the experience is different: I stayed in the 6th floor, my room was obviously renovated and had parquet floor and relatively new furniture. The cleanliness and hygiene however was beyond any acceptable standard and would not be accepted even in a roadside motel: The bed was dirty and old curly hair from previous guests still present on the linen ....eerrgg ! The toilet was bearing week old traces of dried detergent fluid and the seat was spotted with different brownish colors. The shower handle just fell from its bearing upon touching and clear water only came after several liters of rusty brown water went down the drain. Obviously no room checks were made before renting it out to the next guest. On the following day the bed clothes were replaced,so no hair anymore, but then the linen had black greasy spots on it with doubtful origins. So I used towels as bedsheets. To sum up: for a five star hotel unacceptable and overpriced. Hygiene and cleanliness were kill factors, I do not accept this at 1 or 2 star hotels, not to speak of a five star ! As I said in the beginning the hotel has a good potential and facilities are worth five stars. If the management can cope with the housekeeping issues it will certainly get better ratings. For me however, it was the last time that I stayed there. For this room rates you get other five star hotels in Delhi.	
Aug 20 2007 	Lovely Hotel	I'm glad I didn't read these reviews beforehand. My husband and I stayed at the Ashok Hotel last weekend and we had a lovely time. We did not have reservations and when we inquired about rooms, the receptionist upgraded us to the executive floor at regular rates. The room was clean with a view of the pool. The bed was soft and comfortable, the room included many amenities and there was plasma tv. All the staff were accomadating and friendly. The food and drink at the restaurants were great and the pool and spa were beautiful. The executive lounge was nice and convenient (breakfast was served just down the hall from us on the 6th floor). We are from Canada and I was not expecting to stay at such a nice place. It is an old hotel, but that adds to the charm. It was beyond my expectations. The only reason I did not rate it above average was because of the price. It was expensive, but a weekend in Delhi to see the Taj Mahal was worth it.	
Aug 2 2007 	Krishna the porter	We had a terrible shock at the Ashoka Hotel! When we actually arrived in our room we found that there was a complimentary fruit basket which was mouldy and as old as or maybe older than the hotel....There were fake bottles of water...that were supposed to be mineral water but had been filled up with local tap water, we figured this out from our stomachs that night and this was very unpleasent. As for the plumbing, the toilets were over flooding and lets just say what went down came straight back up! ....Now for the service...the porters were constantly knocking at the door...waiting for tips and asking silly questions.....me and my sister thought we had accidently checked into fawlty towers (then again if we had we would have been some what lucky to an extent). One night the porter followed us in our room, we thought it was a service to be dropped to the room but when he came inside withouth an invite we were shocked! He told us he didnt drink alcohol and yet he managed to swig down half a bottle of bacardi! He kept inviting us to go and eat with him and his family, more fool us, we didnt actually realise we were invited to foot the bill and tip the resteraunt! The cheeek of it! They also refused to take credit card payments and would only accept cash! The only thing they would keep saying to us is &quot;ma'am! As polite as they were sounding it was very difficult to communicate!!....We could go on forever with the stories of how we survived for 7 nights but save urselfs from the misery! Also being Indian me and my sister felt discriminated against as there were rules for people!...Our final trip was to the Taj Mahal...we went for a day trip and as there were a few more spaces in our private transport the hotel staff invited themselves to come....and they robbed money and cheated my elderly father! Be warned of these people and their hotel!	
Jun 12 2007 	Okay in our section but not 5 stars	We stayed at the Hotel Ashok, 50B Chanakyapuri, as part of a group tour making a brief stop in Delhi. It is a huge hotel with a number of restaurants and a shopping arcade and a fancy business center. It is in New Delhi south of the government area, with no neighborhoodto walk to, and no nearby subway. Would not have been particularly convenient if we had time for our own outings, but we did not. Our room in what must be the renovated wing (far to the right as you facethe front of the hotel) was fine, but rooms in the other wing did not sound that great. We did not find it to be nearly as bad as the pans on Tripadvisor.com, and we found the service to be fine, but it definitely does not deserve its apparent 5 stars or justify the price(apparently $200+).	
Mar 10 2007	Trust these reviews - honest!	As a government owned hotel the service is about as bad as it gets. Hotel restaurants are pretty poor as well - I had to send back under cooked chicken, and the fish got its revenge during the night :-(Was probably a great hotel 30 years ago but now rooms are shabby and run down. Do yourself a favour and stay away.	
Feb 24 2007 	Very very disappointing	Do youself a favor and trust all the negative comments about this hotel. It's definitely not value for money nor what is expected of it's &quot;star&quot; rating. I stayed two nights at the hotel and the first night was terrible. The room was muggy, sheets were dirty and the bed was not even flat! The telephone looked like it hadn't been wiped down in 25 years, seriously no joke. I demanded a room switch (which reception took forever to concede to) so the second night I stayed in the newly renovated ones (the older, crappier ones will be renovated on soon, but call ahead to see if it's done bc it might take some time), and they were better, BUT my sheets had hair on it and the bathroom was not very clean. Rates for the renovated rooms and the old, crappy ones are the same.If you have no choice but to stay here, make sure you get the hotel to assign the new rooms to you. That said, be prepared for reception to tell you the day that you arrive that those rooms are all taken and they give you one of the crap ones instead.	
Feb 13 2007 	Sadly - Just about as bad as everyone says!	I went to the Ashok hoping that the earlier reviewers were just fussy and demanding. Sadly they were simply accurate. An average 3 star hotel trying to be 5 star. The public areas are ok but the rooms are old, tired and dated. Service is patchy and the facilities (shops, restaurants etc) set in something of a time warp!I was able to put up with this and had to stay as a conference was being held at the venue. But others were paying $200 a night - sheer robbery.For a few days relaxation I transferred to the Intercontinental Nehru Place - new hotel different universe. Excellent in every way and the same price as the Ashok. I notice the management at the Ashok have not used the right of reply faciliity on this site. That tells its own story. Avoid unless you enjoy wasting money.	
Feb 1 2007 	A very bad Shock worst hotel ever	This was the worst supposedly 5* hotel we have ever stayed in. The staff were extremely rude, food was awful and the rooms were old and grubby. I so wish I had read the reviews before paying £400 for 2 nights. It was most definately an experience to forget. I wrote a letter of complaint to them and suprise suprise I've had no reply. I would recommend that no one should even consider this hotel, you are better off staying somewhere which is 2*We stayed in this hotel to get the best of our last 2 days in India and regretted every minute. It totally left a sour taste in our mouth, we were glad to get back to the UK.	
Dec 18 2006 	Not quite as disturbing as others say it is	...but then again, it is definitely not a good hotel either. I found it to be basic, but ok. Then again, if you think of how much you pay there, it is quite a rip-off. In Europe, I would say, this hotel is ok if you pay not more than 80 EUR a night for a room. Sure, everything is a bit old there and some parts more run down than others, but that is because their furniture is often made from wood and uses carpets where more modern hotels go with more practical furbishing. However, staff was quite friendly, room service quick, and they have a nice outside pool and spa. Also the adjunct restaurants seemed to be alright. But like I said, everything there is just 'alright', which is not good enough for ca. 250 EUR a night. I would probably go there again if my work sent me there, but I would definitely not recommend this as a honeymoon location. It would be fairly disappointing.	
Dec 1 2006 	Never Stay - Read This and see pictures you will know why	Hotel Rooms were stinky. It was worst hotel I ever stayed in. I paid 180 $ (INR 8000) for 1 Night.Hotel reception was ok but Rooms are dead.I needed a hotel near US embassy so I unluckily chose this one. Embassy was walking distance. Room was so disgusting that I cant mention it ... I dont have words ... If I write something I am sure tripadvisor.com would bann me .. so I took pictures of the room. Which speak itself ... It's like no comments ... Just check it urself. Room BathRoom - Oh God it was like a 10000 people used public toilet. Dirty like anything, Have pictures of these as well.Regarding Breakfast - It starts at 7 AM, and I was very hungry at 6 AM so I landed at breakfast area at 7:15 AM, nothing was ready on the serving table. I ate some toasts etc by 7:30 AM , by the time I was done 7:55 AM, I saw they started putting lot of other new tasty stuff too. So dont go before 8 AM incase you want to enjoy everything.Never ever stay in this hotel.	
Nov 20 2006 	Terrible! Terrible! Terrible!	This hotel is definitely a place where you should not stay even if you had a gun pointed to your head. I did not have the privilege of booking into a hotel of choice as it’s peak season but I did check this website ahead of my trip here. The reviews should have been warning enough as did the candid travelers pictures posted and the PICTURES DO NOT LIE. This hotel classifies itself as a 5 star DELUXE hotel and it probably was, 50 years ago. The exterior looks charming because of the architecture, very colonial but Indian at the same time. However, the inside is a different story.Firstly, upon arrival at 10p.m., there wasn't any porter service and that is quite strange for a 5 star deluxe. Whilst the lobby is clean it looks dated. The LCD TV at the lobby showed nice standard rooms in the TOWER block. I guess the tower block have the newly refurbished or recently cleaned and fumigated rooms, as it appears a FAR CRY from the rooms that were assigned to us (there were 3 of us and all 3 rooms were of similar dismal condition which really defeated the need to ask for a change of room). The key to the room weight at least one pound as it was solid metal and HUGE (the red paint on the key had discolored in parts which tells you how old these are!). Enough to knock anyone out if you threw it at him or her. You need to put the key into the key-hole (turn in clockwise) and at the same time turn the doorknob anti-clockwise before the door opens. The carpets (in the corridor as well as in the room) look as if it had never been changed for the 5 decades since the hotel was built. So old that where it has thined, you can see beneath the carpets and the dust that accumulates there. Where the carpets are completely worn out, a patch of new carpet is fitted on top. There are stains everywhere. Even on the bed sheets. The pillows are hard probably compacted from the years of use!Everything in the bathroom that is metal has rusted. Cannot tell about the metal in the room since the lighting in the room is best suited for nocturnal animals. The toilet seat had a wrapper around it that says `Disinfected for your safety’ and I believe them! Just wondering why they did not disinfect the rest of the room. The flush to the toilet is unique and is a knob that protrudes out of the wall. After turning it round and twisting it, you actually need to use all of your strength to push it in before it flushes as the rust is quite advance. Underneath the dresser there are phone books that say 2006 but look like 100-year old manuscripts. The furniture I don’t even want to describe.If by now you still do not have second thoughts of changing your accommodation, be prepared for the live-in guests that come FREE with the rooms since one night here costs USD200+. Cockroaches. These creatures were everywhere (and in all 3 rooms that we had). They were in the cupboards, on the water bottles supplied, in the toilet and on the towels (so bring your own!). I did not see any on the bed but I would not discount it. I don’t want to know if I had anything else sharing the bed with me (shudder). One night at the Ashok was indeed an experience never to be repeated again. We checked out the next day! Luckily for us, we managed to get a room at another hotel. My advice: Trust the reviews!	
Nov 20 2006 	Noisy 	My husband &amp; I were booked into the Ashok for many days by his company after another hotel in Delhi fell through. After changing rooms once (the first had twin beds &amp; a damp carpet reeking of insecticides) we wound up with what was probably one of the best rooms in the hotel. Newly renovated, it had laminate wood floors, brand-new bedding, and was generally bright &amp; cheery. HOWEVER, the majority of my husband's colleagues were not so lucky. Their rooms were generally grubby and threadbare. Several reported cockroaches in their rooms, one had bed-bugs, and several had rooms so dirty they had to have housekeeping scrub them twice (and these are generally not picky people). The hotel is also ridiculously noisy. NONE of us slept well because a series of megaphones for a taxi stand outside go on ALL NIGHT LONG broadcasting traffic instructions and call-ups for cabs. It was like trying to sleep in an auction house or an air-traffic controller's room. Sounds of honking outside, the airconditioning vents, and the pounding nightclub downstairs only compounded the problem. What's more, the hotel does stink: of must and exterminator's chemicals. The stench was so bad that before we switched rooms, my husband couldn't sleep because the smell kept him awake, and by the end of our stay, our clothes were saturated with it. Another travesty is the service. Except for the Coffee Shop staff and a smattering of housekeepers, the service ranged from indifferent to rude. When I went to the travel desk to arrange a half-day sightseeing tour, the man there ignored me for five minutes while he chatted on the phone, then told me dismissively, &quot;I'm a very busy man right now. I don't have any cars available. Come back some other time.&quot; When several of my husband's colleagues checked out, the reception staff tried to charge them a higher rate than had been contracted. It was simply outrageous. The Ashok has some great restaurants, an excellent spa, and bags of potential. But the government has got to stop pretending this is a five-star hotel. Probably, it should get out of the hotel business all together. In the hands of a private interest and with some SERIOUS renovations and overhauling the Ashok could live up to the delusions of grandeur currently pictured on its website. But right now, it's an out-of-the-way, run-down, noisy, unappealing, overpriced wreck of a place.	
Oct 31 2006 	A shock at The Ashok	As a frequent traveller to Dehli, without a doubt my preferred hotel is The Imperial, or, at the other end of the spectrum, The Park. However, given the lack of rooms in the city I was forced to stay at The Ashok for my last business trip. A SHOCK certainly sums it up! The government run hotel could be a splendid example of traditional Indian grandeur, as its website claims. Sadly, it is not. I checked in late at around 11pm and was greeted by surly receptionists who seemed more interested in getting an imprint of my credit card (for Rs.10,000 - not cheap) than anything else. I was shown to my room by a bellboy so insistent on carrying my one small bag, despite my resistence, that he actually tried grabbing it from me. When I did get to my room, I was mortified. Shabby implies chic nowadays, but this was just shabby. Dirty fingerprinted TV, light switches, toilet seat; tarnished mirrors; dirty cutlery laying around; and the piece de resistance - dark hairs on the pilled pillows and sheets of each of the twin beds. It took three phone calls and a visit by housekeeping to convince them that I didn't want the room, nor did I want to wait for sheets changing, I just wanted to move. The second room seemed more promising, with a fruit basket (and clean knife) but on closer inspection, the beds again were hairy and unappealling. I slept with a pashmina as a pillow and had a terrible night's sleep, especially as after midnight housekeeping called to see if the room was okay; on advising them no, but I cut my losses, they didn't seem to know how to handle it other than saying that the general manager would make it up to me in the morning. Didn't hang around to see what that may involve, but suffice to say, if you have any other choice, don't stay here. What has the potential to be a wonderfully equipped five-star hotel with spacious rooms and a warren of shops and restaurants turned out to be a disappointingly dirty stay in Delhi.	
Oct 29 2006 	don't stay at this hotel in delhi accomodation is terrible.	This has got to be the worst hotel ever. The rooms are old and run down. There is a stink in the hallway and staff are generally not very helpful. The only good things are the staff in the restaurant and the breakfast buffet. If you are staying in india, spend a bit more money and stay somewhere else. It cost us $220 a night which is a complete rip off. We were really looking forward to getting out of there. The sheets were dirty and we asked them to change it. Noticed the next day the sheets were the same but changed towards the end of the bed. They don't change your sheets everyday. The electricity cords are dodgy too. It is a gross place to stay and i would avoid it...maybe back in the 60's it was good but not now..sorry to stay but it is the truth..yuk!	
Sep 24 2006 	Overpriced with poor service and grimy rooms!	Lesson learned: Never stay at a government-run hotel. The Ashok is a tired, grimy, grubby hotel. The rooms are dirty and dated, the service is surly and unatentive. I couldn't beleive this hotel was given a 5-star rating....until I found out that it was government-run/owned....The Taj hotels (Taj Mahal and Taj Palace) are FAR more pleasant at around the same price.	
Sep 24 2006 	I wish I had checked the reviews	I can't believe how bad this hotel has gotten. I originally was here in the early 80s when it was one of the best hotels in Delhi. With the exception of cable TV, I don't think the rooms have been updated since then. The beds are uncomfortable, the hot water is almost non existent, the paint is peeling , the internet service is one of the worst I have had in India and to top it off the food is awful at best and expensive. The sad thing is I originally was excited to be able to stay here after so many years. Between the lousy food, the crappy rooms and the creepy guys (security &amp; maids) in the hallways - this is one hotel to avoid.	
Jun 5 2006	3* pretend to be 5*	We where surprised arriving at 5* hotel, where we found grey towels and bed linen. All over the hotel were signs of government ownership - too much of staff, equipment out of order, etc. I expect for that price you can get much better deal.	
May 19 2006 	Shocking time at the Ashok	I was staying at the Ashok hotel between the 11th and 16th of May 2006 for business reasons. During my stay I found the rooms to be unclean and unsafe! whilst moving the hairdryer I received an electric shock. I reported this to the duty manager and asked to speak with the general manager. I was informed that the general manager was in the hotel but was in a meeting and unable to see me! I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Apr 16 2006	Hotel to avoid	The room was very large, the furniture was grubby and tatty. The bathroom smelled, the bath did not drain, the bidet did not work, the W.C. splashed your trousers when flushed. The mini bar was empty. The balcony was very dirty, paint peeling off wood work and no balcony furniture. The windows were cracked, putty coming away and dangerous to open.The staff were rude, dismissive and unhelpful. I was pushed by one member of staff. The dining room was small and the food below par. There was no bar available to residents (closed for functions). One could not obtain a drink without going into a restaurant.All this for 315$US per night B/B!!	
Mar 28 2006	Expensive but Worth It	Location: In Between Airport, Sites and Central CityService: Above Average Price: High for location, but worth the ratingRoom: Within the rating	
Mar 4 2006	Not a five star hotel	Hotel Ashok is a big hotel in the diplomatic district of new delhi (that is not close to any tourist destination !). it has many restaurants and shops and the lobby is Ok, But Ashok hotel was nothing near being five star. I would rather call it something in between one and two star hotel. &quot;Cleanliness&quot; had no definition in that hotel : my bed sheet was dirty and stained. the minibar refrigirator didn't work and it was empty. The toilette mirror was rusty. I really didn't dare touch anything in that hotel as it seemd that it had not been cleaned for the past 20 years.Although I have to admit that there were two parts in this hotel and the other part seemed to be Ok.I stayed there in Feb. 2006 for 3 nights and I would not be back there ever again.	
Feb 25 2006	Very disappointed with the rooms and the service	We stayed at the Ashok for one night in February as our Tour Company (Compass Tours) told us that the Park hotel was not available due to President Bush's visit to India. We were sent to dirty rooms that seemed like they hadn't been cleaned for weeks. We spent our afternoon trying to get cleaner rooms rather than sight seeing. We finally got some rooms that were a little cleaner than the ones we first saw and ended up staying there. We had paid the same rate as the Park Hotel (we had stayed at the Park earlier in our tour)where the rooms were a 100% better than the Ashok. The management was neither friendly nor helpful. Try to avoid staying here at all cost.	
Feb 20 2006	Pleasantly surprising stay not as bad as expected	We stayed at the Ashok in Feb 06 for 3 nights there was 2 adults, 2 teenangers and a toddler. We stayed in a suite on Floor 5, this was well sized and we had 2 single beds put in the spacious living room. It seemed that there are 2 types of rooms, standard and superior, the superior ones are accessed by marble lined floors, the standard is by carpet. On our floor was an attendant 24/7 who was very attentive. The room was good (uk 4 star std) the bathroom was not as good but adequate. The hotel overall is quite dated but in Delhi is probably quite modern. There is a lot of staff around, who we found very helpful particularly with our toddler. The restaurants are ok, but I would recommend eating out. One night we ate at the hotels Frontier restaurant, food was northern indian fare, very good but at western pricing, later in the week we ate out for the same quality at 1/4 the price. There is a health club which is actually not owned by the hotel, it has very good facilities but if you want to use the gym only, they make you use the basic outdoor changing rooms as opposed to the clubs impressive facilities. Overall we enjoyed our stay but you must try and get a superior room/suite, it is worth paying a bit more.	
Jan 17 2006	Soviet-Era Luxury Indian Style	What a dump. Stay at hotels such as Oberoi which are in a similar price range but deliver first-class amenities and services on all fronts.	
Jan 13 2006 	Business travelers Stay Away	General: There is a big gap between terrible and okay but some problems. This property falls somewhere in the middle but closer to bad. Front desk: To small and unorganized to handle more then three guests at a time. Took 25 minutes with a reservation to check in even after I got to interact with the miserable woman working behind the counter. Interior: Carpeting in hallways threadbare and dirty.Room: International plug did not work, no internet cable as purported, and remote was non functional. So working or relaxing was more complicated then it should be. The scale is so big that if the hotel is not full it is almost depressing eating in a 300 person restaurant during the only hour you have with a business guest and you are the only two in the house. Restaurants: Lots of options lots of range in quality. Korean rest was good, Chinese was not so good, the breakfast place could not handle the volume even a small event on the property. The new bar Steel is the best option this place had it was freshly done with good staff that tried and a great relaxed scene. It was the only real haven there where I did not dislike my stay. Conclusion: I travel the world and this was part of a 10 day trip in India and I had much better results at other hotels so this is not about India or cultural differences. Everything in this hotel seemed to be old and tired and interactions with the staff were harder or more complicated than it needed to be. If you do anything other than sleep there as a business guest the frustration took more than it should out of you by the end of the day. It was an exercise in patience all day.	
Jan 7 2006	like al india needs a clean up	the receptionists personel asked my wife how long we are going to stay like they were afraid that we dont have enough money to pay despite the fact that we were coming and go again at the same hotel for a 1 and 1/2 months the rest personel its ok. .the restaurants had a good service except the chinese restaurant which they warm the food for 2nd time before the serve it. Surely it needs a good clean up, change of mattresses, change of all carpets, painting and repairs in the wc....and one more thing....the people in the parking area have to stop shouting through loudspeakers in the middle of the night......all night long...i have changed 6 rooms in this hotel and the situation was more or less the same. the surrounding area is peaceful and clean i wish the same with the hotel	
Dec 3 2005	Prisoners in the West enjoy better facilities	Well, maybe not, because i lack any experience to comment about prison facilities. But i had to wait 52 minutes in the lobby (along with wife, son and a cranky 8 month old daughter and four suitcases) before i could get someone to show me my room. And that was ony after i got into and was the winner of a &quot;shouting&quot; match with the staff. The corridors were dark and I came across some dubious looking people during my one day stay there. The bathroom was of 1940's vintage and the toiletry was very cheap. Room service took forever. The thing that rankled me the most was the could not care less attitude of the staff. They were very grumpy looking and mean and behaved more like they did not really want to be there and did not want you to be there either. I really felt like kicking their backsides. The only saving grace was the performance of the musicians in the restaurant. Needless, to say i left the next day for another hotel.	
Nov 3 2005 	Majestic property....truly		
Jul 4 2005	Happening Disc		
Jul 4 2005 	best hotel of this region		
Jul 1 2005	I visited this Palacial hotel first time and liked it lot.		
Mar 13 2005	would not return		
Mar 12 2005	A shock - not Ashok		
Feb 8 2005	Avoid at all costs		
Feb 6 2005	The worst hotel I have ever been to!		
Feb 3 2005	Ashok Hotel - A shocking Hotel!		
