Nov 14 2009	Good hotel but be aware	Stayed here for 2 nights, very impressed, then came back for another 3 nights .... Disgusted to pay for a Deluxe room and be given a very average room. On complaining was upgraded back to what we were in previously, and had paid for....... Best floors to be on are 19 and 20. Rooms are comfortable and airy. Housekeeping staff are wonderfully friendly and if you get the right waiters in the restaurant, make eating a pleasure. Food is very good and menu is varied. No tummy complaints !!	
Nov 5 2009 	Excellent Service with centralised location	Hi, I have booked the executive room and was given an upgrade to their deluxe rooms. 1st impression upon entering the room was that the photo shown in the hotel website under 'rooms' was entirely different and I was very dissapointed with it. Secondly, as I arrived at local time 11pm, I requested for an ironing board and was given a very old, dirty looking, rusty ironing board. Shock no.2. Worse thing is they say I can't even keep it for a night as that's the only ironing board they have. So ended up, I got them to take it back and send it to me in the morning. Luckily, this time round, I was presented with a much better ironing board, else I can't imagine myself using it. This hotel provides excellent service especially the cafe staff at level 2. The coffee at the breakfast was bad as they explained that they are using Nescafe powder, no coffee aroma and tastes funny. Yaswant at the cafe ended up brewing some good coffee for me with the hotel's coffee beans and I was impressed by the extra mile he went for me at no cost. Feel if the hotel is positioning itself as a business hotel, the coffee standard is extremely important, I have taken up the hotel package which is a great deal with complimentary 1-way airport transfer and breakfast and dinner. Do note that the bill will be chargeable in Rupee according to the exchange rate. This hotel is also 5-10mins walking distance to Connaught Place.	
Aug 25 2009 	Disgusting. Staff are exceptional nice though.	What a disappointment. The rooms advertised on the internet are not what you get when you arrive. We stayed on the 10th floor and was so disappointed that we checked out the following day (we were supposed to stay for 3 nights). The bar and restaurant are of good standard. The reception is also of a good standard but the rooms are diabolical.When asked to see another another room on the grounds that I was unhappy about the standard, the staff were only too keen in offering up another room, which I might add was of a dismal standard. So in summary, rooms are disgusting and staff are exceptional. It's a shame.	
Aug 4 2009 	Nice and pleasant stay	Rooms were clean, reception and room services were good. Would recommend this for stay	
May 13 2009 	Not for long stays	This hotel looks okay on first appearances - modern, clean lobby, but then you have to take a lift to the 16th floor to get to the first level of rooms!Room was a little small and noisy at night as it was next to the lift (elevator) shaft! Also, the adjoining door to the next room must have been wafer thin as I could hear absolutely every word from next door!	
May 8 2009 	Good 	Over all expereince was Good. Staff hospitality was great. Location is very good. Rooms were well maintained &amp; spacious. Good choice for the official business travellers like us. Food was average. But overall Good value for money. Would like to stay agai &amp; recommand to others too.	
Apr 19 2009 	Solid 3-star near Connaught Place	Nice room with wood &amp; marble floors. Within short walk of Connaught Place shops (if that's of interest), about 40 mins. from airport. Combo hotel and office building.Breakfast selection was wide and very good. Pleasant staff.Negatives were small: hard bed, some amenities (e.g., lotion) were not replaced from previous occupant.	
Apr 18 2009 	Value for money	I like this hotel for its value for money.On my company's business trips, I stayed in this hotel several times and had recommended others including foreign guests .Rooms are well appointed and adequately big so as to be comfortable. Brake fast is included in the package and with sufficient spreads to take care for a good day.For tourists, it is excellent value for money with all amenities and located at a convenient place from allconsiderations.I	
Mar 26 2009 	Just a good business hotel	We spent 4 nights at Hans Plaza Hotel and I've to say we weren't impressed by the experience there. Key points: - Location is good, 20min walking distance from Connaught Place and 5min close to Delhi Metro (which does not connect the modern centre of New Delhi). - Rooms are OK, they're exactly what you expect from a 4**** business hotel. They're modern, clean and functional, no frills no atmosphere. Beds are hard and rigid, not relaxing at all. As usual we didn't even consider to purchase items from the room minibar, overpriced as everywhere in India. Two 500ml bottles of purified water are complimentary in the room but we managed to get extra free bottles at the concierge's just asking them if we could &quot;purchase&quot; water from the lobby bar. They kindly handed over the bottles for free. - Staff is overall friendly and professional, nothing special. - Prices are high, approx 5500 rupees for a std double room (considered &quot;executive&quot; because it was at the 19th floor with good distance from the noisy roads around the hotel).  - Our breakfast was included in the room price and we enjoyed it at the fullest, good food with the notable exception of tea which was of extremely poor quality (we had to suffer it 4 mornings). - We happened to have lunch in the hotel restaurant, good food but again overpriced - sadly not other restaurants in the 5min radius. - Business centre is just ridiculous with just 1 computer available for guests (we had to queue), prices are 50 rupees for 30min !!!!Overall a decent stay, but clearly next time we'll go somewhere else.	
Feb 25 2009 	Exorbitant and Rip Off	The room is moderate. But there is no plug points to charge laptop and cell phones. I had to remove the plug of a lamp to charge my laptop. Do not buy food or drinks from this hotel. Though it's not even a two star hotel, the price for a normal mineral water is Rs.200/- (the actual price is Rs.10/- only). 2 boiled eggs can cost you Rs.350/- plus taxes!!! A total rip off!!! Don't get traumatized by the bills.	
