	Love the use of space	Delhi Hotels I am use to such as the Hyatt, Intercontinental, Sheraton or my favorite Shangrila where all booked so I was struggling to get hotel and given that I plan to stay in Delhi for more then a month and half I was hoping for the usual hotels. A friend booked the Grand hotel for me so needless to say I was worried about this hotel since I have never been to it before.I arrived at this hotel and as I walked into the lobby, the first thing I notice is how large and roomy the lobby is. It is open concept design with very high ceiling. This hotel has the largest and most roomy Lobby I have ever seen. Amount of room in the lobby is the first thing you notice and it is a welcome site given that Delhi is a very busy place.Hotel staff took minutes to register my stay and guided me to my room where they gathered the rest of my information they needed while providing information about my room.The hallways on the 4th floor where I stayed where not large however it really did not feel small. You can see the end of the hallways window which makes it more roomy then it is. The minute I walked into the room and I was shown the bathroom I stopped. I have no eye for art but I cannot overcome how simple yet beautiful the entire bathroom is with elegant wooden sliding doors to dark ceramic tiles that makes you stop and stare. I stayed in Shangrila, Intercontinental, Hilton, Hyatt and many other hotels which are all nice but the Grand by far found the perfect use of space and combined the closest, bathtub, shower and closet in to one space. It is also the one thing you will take a picture of and describe to family and friends.The entire room lets you breath with lots of space and very littlethings in your way. Flat TV hangs on side of the wall and a small bar is place under it it. Small work desk that faces a long hallway to the front door. It takes few seconds to get to the door when someone knocks it just to give you an idea of how large the room is and how simple layout makes it even larger.I have different taste for food since food is just food no matter what I eat. I cannot, therefore; give you a good review of the food at this hotel. I had no issues though other then smaller selection available after hours for room service. Sheraton did have a lot more selections at any given hour however.I spend most of my weekends in my room as I work a lot.I had no issues and with the room and loved the bathroom.I felt very comfortable and often had no reason to leave my room.Space is really the key for me personally and this room had plenty of it.Amenities included a fruit basket and lots of bottled water. This is the only hotel in Delhi where I had at least 3-5 bottles of waterat any given time. It is also the only hotel that provided the largest bottle of water at no cost. Typically you get small bottles and you have to pay for the larger ones. I take about 2 bottles a night to work and drink about 2. Housekeeping puts them all back by next day.Privacy is a big thing for me since I am sleeping daytime and working night time. Often in most hotels even with the do not disturb light house keeping calls me in every hotel I stayed.I explained my schedule on my arrival and had no issue for the most part but did get a call or two times. I slept in both times however and they where trying to get to my room as scheduled.Privacy is done via a switch by the bed.Iron is on request only at this hotel however. I needed it few times and one time I got it onetime other time I was told that they could do the ironing for me as they had no iron free. I had my shirt back in less then 10 minutes. Only issue I had was that they of course did a better job then I could and would prefer if the iron was always not available.Internet is the most essential thing for me and in room internet by cable only. Speed varies from slow to high depending on timeof day. You can steam media mornings and evening but slows down in the afternoon. Internet was down in my room once after 3 weeks of stay. I called and I was told it will be up by morning and it was. It was 4:30AM however and I just finished work. Business Center was not effected.I am use to Nortel phones and this room had one at the desk.I do not use hotel phone for long distance and not sure howit compares to other hotels. My room had 3 phones. One by the bed, one on the desk and one in the bathroom which I would never use for any reason. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and have done so for other visitors from my company who stay at Shangrila usually. This is hotel is different from the most flashy but equally nice hotels. It is is unique hotel in terms of space and interior design.	
Oct 13 2009 	Nice - Some faults	Hotel was booked by my company.My first visit to Delhi after 12 years, so many changes.Not the area of choice. There are things close by, but you need to take a taxi.It's a good alternative to staying at an airport hotel.Reception : Souless. Reminded me of an airport terminal.Room - Excellent. Comfortable bed, excellent bathroom with a wet shower and a huge tub.Flat screen tv with enough channels to satisfy most.Room size was good.The hotel was less than 45% full. I found the staff very polite but pretty useless.At breakfast - keeping in mind that the hotel was only 45% full, you'd ask for coffee and wait an eternity for it. Ask for toast and it would arrive after you finished eating your eggs.The internet was down for 24 hours. When I checked at reception, I was told it would not be back for the rest of the day. I plugged in my LAN cable an hour later, it was working, but no one thought to call me back and let me know.I enquired over internet charges and no one thought to ifnorm me the first hour was complimentary, so I rushed to cover my work in 1 hour thinking I did not want to be charged for 2.Probably the worst food I have ever had in India.We have excellent Indian food in the UK and was far better than the Grand.I have no idea where they source their meat, but their lamb ( mutton ) was disgusting.If you can afford it and have time, take yourself to Bukhara at the Maurya or elsewhere.Any special facilities extended to you - get it in writing. Anything given to me complimentary or as part of an ' arrangement ' was met with denial.There are 2 restaurants : One is the western style - where breakfast is served. The other is Indian. A bar - empty for the 5 nights I was there.	
Sep 1 2009 	Owesome services	The services of Hotel is supreme, one of the best in Delhi for sure.Interiors, exteriors, all are royal with luxurious comfort, and food are also so delisious....	
Aug 29 2009 	Good location but highly overpriced	The hotel is under renovation,It sells under the shadow of Grand Hyatt its erstwhile name,Be warned ,the hotel had caught fire a year back due to maintenance defects and poor upkeep.Its a beautiful hotel but stay here at your own risk.I booked through the website looking at the photos,but the hotel is highly overpriced for the money it charges,few restaurants not open yet.I spoke to some people and they siad quality has suffered since all staff had left post the fire incident.Surprised,how the Federal Fire department gave ok to pen so soon.	
Jul 28 2009 	One night stay - beautiful room	I just stayed one night there, as I was returning from Jaipur and leaving next morning back home. The hotel has been under renovation and it is very beautiful. I had to write the review, because the bathroom was one of the best I have seen in any hotel around. The room was also very spacious and nice, the only problem we experienced was that over the ac (when turned off), you could hear the neighbouring room: We had neighbours having a party or something, so in the middle of the night it was hard to sleep because you would hear the laughter of the other guests.	
Jun 11 2009 	Good 	I was stayed with my boss &amp; it was nice stay. It has good pub but calm. Gym &amp; swimming has some construction work going on.	
Apr 27 2009	Loved the stay there.	The Grand,New Delhi, is the place to have a perfect stay.Had been a menber with Them and always enjoyed the faboulos fascilities.It was a great stay always.Have stayed there couple of times and everytime we left it with a good smileJetPrivilege membership: [--]	
Apr 6 2009 	Hotel under renovation but continue to books guests at outrageous rates	Be forewarned: Although the website suggests otherwise, this hotel is effectively closed and under renovation (following a fire in the hotel over one year ago). The reception desk is closed, none of the restaurants or bars are open, no taxi stand, etc. It's also in the middle of a nowhere and surrounded by construction sites. Staying here would be a bit like staying in the Twilight Zone -- and paying $380 per night to do so. Management appear unethical. Total scam. I happened upon the hotel when I wen to the spa which is associated with the spa. Great spa, but avoid the hotel until it is actually opened. The poor guests I met at the spa who booked rooms (due to its proximity to the airport and promising website) were furious and preparing to prepare a formal complaint with the tourism authorities.	
Mar 21 2009 	A strange place to stay	This new hotel is isolated so be sure your taxi driver knows how to get there before departing from the airport. Getting a taxi to go someplace from the hotel will also be difficult. More important, the hotel is not fully functional or operational. When I stayed there was no restaurant -- lunches and dinners must be ordered from room service. There was no business center or internet access. A note of cautions -- the marble floors in the showers are dangerously slippery when wet.	
Dec 8 2007	In the middle of nowhere	Great hotel - but in the middle of nowhere. It is more like an airport hotel location. The hotel from the inside is awesome. Great swimming pools, sauna etc, beautifully decorated (but small) rooms with nice bathrooms. Service was not very good (but hey this is Delhi). The location is just very bad, a lot of rubble and construction around the place and not views at all.	
Nov 1 2007 	Good business hotel convenient to airport	Overall a reliable choice for business travellers to Delhi (was recommended to me by locals) when you don't need to stay in the center of Delhi. I'd stay here again on a return visit.Pros- Well appointed rooms with separate shower/bath. Bottled water provided in room. - Good breakfast buffet, and also good lunch buffet .- Close to the airport (flights can arrive very late in Delhi as mine did 1:30am)- Airport pick up car service worked very well (book this ahead with the hotel, extra charge). (There is the traffic police's prepaid taxi service at the airport as well but I didn't use it.)- Well equipped fitness center for a hotel, with around 10 different cardio bikes/treadmills/ellipticals and half a dozen weight machines plus free weights- Attractive grounds and lobby area, well staffed and very good serviceCons- Room rates in Delhi are high and The Grand is no exception. My cost was over $300/night including breakfast. You might want to book through a local if you have a contact for better rates.- Location is south of the city, nothing to see withing walking distance today (a major new shopping mall is going up nearby so that will change in time). Travel time to center (Connaught Place / India Gate) or the Gurgaon business district can take 30+ minutes by car (hiring a driver for the day is advisable if you have multiple stops or just want to be sure of your transport back. Taxis aren't that common and traffic is nothing short of amazing--can be both chaotic and often jammed with bikes, pedestrians, and every imaginable vehicle on wheels).- Some of the hotel carpet and furniture is tired and worn, but all the natural granite, wood and waterfalls more than make up for it.	
Oct 20 2007 	Beautiful hotel	I stayed here for 2 weeks with a friend. This is a beautiful place with top quality service. In fact, they pretty much OVER serve you- by coming into your room like 4 times a day to do things, but I think thats part of the culture. Theres a lovely spa, nice gym, tranquel pool and just a nice place to stay. Outside the hotel is dirty and rough looking but thats the area of New Delhi.	
Oct 3 2007 	"Fantastic Hotel" !!!!!	Stayed only 1 night early Sept 2007. Location is near airport (15 mins). Rooms large, clean and comfy. Price $300AU p/night incl b/fast. Restaurants (2) were excellent, we sampled Italian ($100AU incl alcohol, entree &amp; main) and was good. Service in hotel was excellent. B/fast buffet best in India (on our 5 weeks holiday). Pool is large, heaps of sun lounges and quiet at this time (no children! Yeh!). Pool food/drinks (Beer $24AU for 2 bottles long) service non existent but that was sorted, quickly.There is nothing outside hotel (vacant land and highway) so don't expect to go out wandering or &quot;seeing&quot; Delhi at night. Take auto into central Delhi (40 mins). Hotel great for business and also tourist if in need of &quot;a no hassle India&quot; for a break. Good for next day flight. Taxi (ambassador) to airport Rs 150 max.	
Jul 27 2007 	spacious rooms	As i walk through with my wife to the hotel it looked like walking to a mansion. A tremendous looby is waiting for you on your arrival. check in time taken by the front office was good.  we went to the room without any escort, that is really bad for a first timer in the hotel. Rooms are excellent, spacious, neat and clean. breakfast was at cafe which is huge place only drop back of that area is that the buffet is at the last end of the cafe. for a person sitting on front section is quite annoying going to the buffet and helping himself again and again. service was excellent by the cheerful staff. up keep of the place was not so good. all the points on the rating goes to the rooms andthe staff at the cafe.	
Jul 19 2007 	Nice accomodations but a bit out remote	This is a well maintined hotel outside of New Delhi. If you are looking for convenience to local places including Connaught Place, you should expect to spend some time in a car or cab. Hotel car can be a bit pricey, but secure if traveling alone. The rooms are very, very nice, as is most of the staff. Prices here have been escalating for some time and rooms on &quot;club&quot; floors are identicle to every other room - expect to pay more anyway. I've stayed here many weeks at a time over the past 4 years and have always been pleased at the end of the stay. Food service can be exasperatingly slow (especially in the main cafe), so go to breakfast/lunch or dinner with plenty of time. Food and service in the Indian and Italian restaraunts is great. Beds are very comfortable and the room is cleaned every day, if desired. You can turn off your doorbell for privacy - just don't forget to turn it back on if you want room service.Pool, gym and spa are all very well kept and modern. Food and beverage are available by the pool.	
Jun 6 2007 	What a Terrible Front Desk	Overall, the hotel is nice and comfortable. However, the front desk staff is filled with automatons that can't handle anything outside of what is scripted for them by management. I had a decent experience with the restaurants, the health spa, and the overall experience but the front-desk was completely unwilling and unable to comprehend the fact that they were overcharging me as compared to the booking made at travelocity. I was completely turned off by the front desk staff and travelocity's customer service staff. I would NOT stay at the grand again or use travelocity. I have a full detailed explanation of the situation here [--]	
May 14 2007 	Grand New Delhi	I stayed there last year. The hotel is very nice. It is very nice when you come back from Delhi with all its noise and dirt and you enter this well kept place.Reception is pretty slow. The spa is very nice. I liked the food in the indian restaurant a lot. The other restaurants are not that great. Rooms are extremely spacious. And the hotel is pretty new-or at least it looks new. This is very important as I have been to some older top-end hotels in Delhi and you would not like to stay there. Prices may be a bit high but it is worth it.Overall, a good place to stay after a long working day.	
Mar 26 2007 	Excellent relaxing break before flying back to London	I first stayed at this hotel 4 years ago when it was owned by the Hyatt group and loved every minute (100% better than Hotel Nikko that I'd booked into originally but decided to check out of as it felt so claustrophic and busy). I left the Grand at that time thinking that it was one of the best hotels I had ever stayed in. I was nervous of booking in again this time having read some of the reviews and realising that it was no longer a Hyatt group hotel and was worried that the standards might have fallen but the rates on offer were lower than any of the other hotels I was interested in ($200 per night plus taxes) and I needn't have worried as I had the most wonderful 2 night stay. The whole hotel feels calm and relaxed, the rooms are very spacious, well designed and furnished with extremely comfortable beds and fantastic bathrooms (marble everywhere and big fluffy white towels). The Oasis Spa treatments were excellent and well priced and and the pool area is one of the best I have seen in a city hotel. The pool is enormous and set in the middle of beautiful gardens. The hotel is a little out of the way (about 20 minutes taxi ride into the centre) but all I wanted to do was relax and do a bit of shopping so it suited me to be away from the traffic and noise of New Delhi and hopped into a cab whenever I needed to (which you have to do wherever you stay). Service throughout was good but I have to say I don't think the club level is worth paying the extra for. The food is better in the restaurant and you also get to sit with views of the gardens rather than the club level lounge on the sixth floor. I don't think the staff were particularly helpful with enquiries about hiring taxis (I was quoted 5000 rupees to hire a driver for the day when 2 weeks earlier I'd paid about 1400 rupees at another 5 star hotel) and I'm fairly sure I was overquoted on the taxi going back to the airport. However apart from these minor things, I thought the staff were extremely helpful and I loved my stay here. I left feeling totally relaxed and would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 14 2007	not a great experience	first impressions are a deceiving, on arrival the hotel looked very impressive, however our stay did not live up to our first impression. 2 of the guests in our party had problems with check in and were given temporary rooms as there was over booking. Both were told they were being upgraded for one night and would have to move. When moved the room they were moved to was exactly the same, one person refused to move as reception twice asked them to come back. My room had very noisy aircon, which was eventually sorted out. The safe did not work. The whole corridor had a very unpleasant smell which did not go away for the 4 nights we were there. Service was inconsistent. Would not stay at this hotel again!	
Feb 26 2007	Superb	Simply the best hotel that we have ever stayed in, Everything was excellent. A bit out of town but there are v. cheap taxis just outside. Transport to, an hour at the market, and return £5 including generous tip!!!!	
Feb 24 2007 	Nice hotel but no room ...	We got in late (or early) at 3 am with a confirmed reservation for two rooms, just to hear they were overbooked and despite the confirmation unable to give us room before 45 minutes or so. Finally, at 5 am, we got to the rooms. Everything else was fine, but this was our first and last visit to the Grand.	
Jan 20 2007 	The good the bad and the very very ugly	Delhi was busy, all the usual suspects were full, I had no choice desipite some of the reviews. I was heading for the Grand.First Impressions were good. This is a large impressive hotel, clean and well decorated. There were plenty of free staff at check in but when I tried to get my room I was told I had been given a free upgrade and had to check in on the sixth floor. I tudged up there to find a queue and some of the slowest poorly trained reception staff I have ever come across. it took 45mins to get from reception into my room. This may appear a small thing but flights from Europe land into India late night or early morning. Its the last thing I needed.Despite the reception problem the room was fantastic, black marble shower and bath, walk in wardrobe, lounge and bedroom, 5 star standard.Since all the flights land so late it would be nice to get a late night drink in the hotel. Delhi have granted late licences for some of the large US luxury chains - not the Grand. I sat in my nice room,on my own with the two bottles of beer from the minbar.The next day I had the most shocking experience with the food. The restaurants served me underdone, tepid prawns followed by undercooked chicken. Both of which I sent away. No five star hotel should serve food in this way, the health implications are serious. Beware!The other really startling thing is the price - $450/night. Now I dont mind the cost if I get the quality goods but with the poorly trained staff, the dodgy food its just not worth thr risk.Altogether this is one to avoid.	
Dec 16 2006	Absolutely Horrible Stay	My room was booked by my local office in Delhi at the &quot;Corporate Rate&quot; of nearly $300 USD for the night. The room was actually quite nice but having arrived somewhat late on a flight from Bangkok I decided on staying in the room instead of exploring. I ordered room service from the &quot;Around the Clock&quot; menu. Simple - I wanted a milk shake and chicken sandwich with cheese. What I received was Strawberry Quik mixed with milk and some sort of mystery meat on a bun. I couldn't even eat the sandwich due to the fishy taste of the chicken. I ate a bag of chips from the mini bar and fell asleep. My flight was early so I showered in a very nice bathroom and headed to the front desk forgoing the included breakfast. At check-out I complained to the clerk about the absolutely apalling meal. He completely ignored my complain and produced my bill which included the $25 meal I didn't eat. I refused to sign until he contacted the manager. The manager couldn't be bothered to see me in person and told his clerk over the phone that he could reduce the food charge by 15% - what a gesture. Included in my bill was a charge for &quot;VAT Meal Plan&quot;. I assume this was for the included breakfast I didn't eat and was told by the clerk he couldn't change the bill anymore. I filled out a survey and voiced my dismay in writing but I'm sure it won't help. All in all - the rooms are overpriced at $300 and of course the customer service left so much to be desired. I've been to India before and found Delhi to be even dirtier than I remember the last time. Except for the very few tourist type things - I will never route through Delhi again, unless absolutely necessary. If I am, I will not be staying at this hotel again.	
Dec 4 2006 	beautiful hotel	This is a very nice hotel. It feels big. The breakfast was excellent but the service in the Japanese restaurant was poor when we were there and dinner in the coffee shop was fair. The rooms are nice and staff was friendly.	
Nov 20 2006	Far too expensive	You must be careful when booking and negotiating a price with this hotel, there are hidden costs and taxes which you don't see till checkout. The rooms are the same whatever floor you are on. Dont get sucked into the 6th floor 'Club floor'. Its pointless and offers little for the extra money involved. The 'Happy hour' lounge is free between 6pm to 8pm which offers good food, unfortunately the drinks waiters made themselves obvious by their long spells of absence whilst your glass sat there dry. I paid 1000 USD plus 4126 rupees in cash for two nights. That works out to be circa £300 per night. I knew I shouldn't have had those cashew nuts out of the minibar!	
Oct 30 2006 	Bad customer service	Our travel agent booked us the Grand for our last day in India as we had a 1:45am flight back to Canada. The room was to be for day use only. After check in the bellman took our bags to the room. He informed us that this room was &quot;warm&quot;. Actually it was about 35C in the room.The A/C in this room was broken. This fact was known to the bellman so I can only assume it was known to the front desk.My wife called down to the front desk to request a room change. They informed her they would send a repair man to fix the A/C. She reminded the front desk we only had the room for a few hours and wished to dress/shower prior to the flight. When she again asked for a new room the clerk simply hung the phone up. My wife stormed to the front desk past a workman in the room trying to fix the A/C. For some reason they did not want to move us. Finally after 15 minutes they agreed. While the new room was cool it had to be the smallest single room in the hotel (about 1/3 the size of the previous room). We were now one hour into our stay and simply stayed in this room. Very poor customer service.	
Oct 29 2006 	Great Hotel for the price	We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights only in the middle of September. Here is what we experienced:1. Checking in process -- took less than 10 minutes. Everything was booked already by Orbitz. They just assigned us a room after some initial signatures and other formalities. The crew were courteous and accomodating to your needs.2. Room -- Great room! A very comfortable one also. We asked for a crib for our 18-month-old. It was provided at the same time.The bathroom was nice. The overall decor of the room was very good too. Above all, the room was quiet.3. Restaurant/Food -- This was complimentary and we loved it. The stuff was very hospitable and was always attentive. The food was delicious -- both at the buffet and during dinner.4. Checking out process -- This took less than 5 minutes.I'd love to go back to this hotel and I'd recommend it to others for the price I paid (US $180 approx.).	
Oct 6 2006 	LOVED IT!!!!	the only down point that we were only here for 2 nights. It is simply the very best hotel I have ever stayed in and the gardens, the pool, and the whole design of the place was second to none. The staff were friendly polite and helpful. A peaceful haven yet close to the airport for conveneince. Would love to go back	
Oct 3 2006 	Don't stay here	This hotel has one of the best designs and decors that I have ever seen. Space and light are used very well and the design of the bathroom was excellent. Design and decor on their own don't make for a great 5 star hotel. What really counts is the quality and experience of the staff and the training they have received. It was clear to me that the Grand has a long way to go in terms of it's staff being able to provide the type of service that customers who are paying high rates expect. The problems started at reception - when we arrived the receptionist had no idea of our booking despite the fact that our airline (who we booked through) had given written confirmation and a booking reference number. We were told to wait while they checked and then three different sets of managers finally agreed that they did have a booking for us. This process took an hour while we waited in reception. We had booked on a full board basis but when we finally managed to check in we were told that no meals were included. This is despite the fact that my booking voucher showed that meals were included. We were told to wait again while they checked. After another hour they couldn't resolve this so I just called up the Airline who we had booked with in London to sort it out. Within 10 minutes after the call from London the Hotel manager eventually agreed that our meals were included. If he had just read the booking form we wouldn't have had to go through the pain. But the experience was unpleasant and made us feel as though we were freeloaders when in fact everything was paid for. We ate at the main restaurant which looked fantastic but at the buffet I noticed that once a dish ran out it was not replaced. If you asked for that dish you were told that they hadn't got it anymore (hardly a 5 star response). This happened at lunch, dinner and breakfast the result being that there was a limited choice of food. To make matters worse one of the waiters managed to spill milk on me because he was trying to carry too many things at the same time and couldn't manage. Checking out was very stressful - Clearly the previous manager had not told the reception staff that we had already paid in advance. So we were presented with a bill for accommodation and food. I then had to repeat the whole process of explanations to another set of staff which was not only annoying but time consuming as well. The location of the Grand is very poor. The hotel is 30 mins from the Airport but there are no tourist facilities around it. For the same price you could stay at a more customer friendly hotel located in central Delhi such as Oberoi or Taj. My advice to the Grand is; if you charge 5 star prices make sure your staff are able to deliver the service. Would I stay here again - Never.	
Sep 26 2006 	The Grand New Delhi (dishonest pricing)	If you want to be ripped off and cheated stay here!, We stayed in this hotel on two occasion. On the first stay, we were charge £120 a night + tax (locals get charge 20% of this rate only!, as i found out at check out!) (you are asked for your passort before any rates are given not only in this hotel, but in any hotel in india, if you are a indian national you pay around 20/30% of what foreigners pay.)one the 2nd occasion were were charge £210 a night for the same room , reason they gave was that they had decided to rename the rooms from deuxle rooms to Club rooms and this was the reason for the increase! after a long conversation with the unprofessionals duty manager - we realised that all the rooms the the hotel are the same and you get charge a different amount depending which floor you are on!!!!!we asked for a room on the ground floor but they said they were fully booked, which was a totally lie as the hotel was empty and rooms were being decorated as I realised when i walked around. Also on the 2nd occasion, inculded in this &quot;club price&quot; was collection from the airport however no one turned up and we had to make our own why there and pay for a taxis and when we asked for our money back they refused! only in india this would happen. The hotel is of 5* star quality nice gardens and food, (when the ovens are working) however the lack of accountability and the lack of honestly on room prices, means i would never stay here again, we had no choice as we were going home the next day and could not find anywere else at sush short notice. Never stay here , unless you like to be ripped off.	
Jul 28 2006 	Excellent value for Money	I spent 4 nights at the Grand Delhi in late 2004. Overall, given the price I paid (US$80/night) I was impressed, given a similar property in downtown Delhi would have cost US$200+. However, after 4 nights I had enough of the place, and changed to the Intercontinental. I was much happier at the Intercontinental because we were able to walk around the city, go back to the hotel to refresh, continue walking etc.If you are a tourist I would NOT stay at the Grand unless you are in transit and wish to be close to the airport. The location in the middle of nowhere is really depressing. You will be much happier in downtown Delhi where there is much more atmosphere.Overall:Good points:* Price* Very large and modern rooms* Stylish bathrooms* Beautiful and spacious lobby and public areasBad points:* Service is simply terrible. The staff do not speak English at all well. They are incredibly slow to respond to housekeeping requests. We waited over an hour for them to bring something to our room. The people at the front desk were inexperienced, slow, unhelpful and rude.* Once past the lobby and grounds, the public areas are very worn. For instance, the hallways leading to the room feature filthy walls, stained carpet and drab lighting.* While still stylish, the rooms are showing definite signs of ageing, e.g. dirty curtains, stained carpet, chipped and damaged furniture.* The bathroom is without question the slipperiest I have ever experienced. The problem is it is an open shower, and the combination of the black marble and deluge of water, creates something akin to black ice on the floor. Be very careful.* As others have advised, the location is quite useless if you want to see anything in downtown Delhi. By taxi Delhi is 40 minutes away in good traffic, a lot more in bad traffic.* The restaurants are extremely over-priced by India standards. This compounded with the fact that you are literally in the middle of nowhere, means you will be forced to dine at these establishments from time to time.* The quality of the buffet breakfast is quite poor. The service of the staff is even worse. I will never forget how rude the chef who cooked the eggs was. He would just growl at people and shove the food at them. The only positive is the location by the pool.	
Jul 3 2006	Best deal for a 5-star hotel in New Delhi	I stayed at the Grand New Delhi from June 5-11, 2006. I thought this place was excellent. I have stayed at many luxury hotels and this certainly ranks up there with the rest. The pool in the back is excellent. My goal was to try to find a 5-star hotel in New Delhi for around $120 a night. I was warned not to get anything less than a 5-star hotel in India if I wanted anything decent. I paid $129 a night thru Expedia. which I thought was affordable for 6 nights. The only bad thing I have to say about this hotel is their room service food is sub-par for a luxury hotel. And also its not a great location except that it is close to the airport if you want to get there quickly. However, it's in a quiet area if this is what you are looking for and besides, if you want a luxury hotel in New Delhi in the downtown area you will be paying a small fortune. This was a great deal.	
Jun 10 2006	Grand New Delhi	I dont know why some of the reviews are so negative towards this place. IT s one of the best hotels near the airport. Well kept, clean, and the rooms and room bathrooms are very stylish and upscale with black marble and open stand up shower. The service is average at times, but that is probably because it is suck a large hotel with over 350 rooms. The breakfast buffet is mediocre though has much variety. I liked the price best about this hotel, I paid somewhere around $130USD per night.... This is an ex Hyatt hotel, so even though they have change dtheir name to the Grand, they have still kept their franchise standards. I reccommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a clean comfortable hotel to stay at.	
May 21 2006 	Nice hotel but......	It is a very beautifull hotel but the service is slow (at best) and they have the most uncomfortable beds that i have ever slept (or tried to sleep) in. It was like sleeping on a rock and i woke up with severe backache. For this reason i dont think i will be returning the hotel which is a shame as it has such potential.	
Apr 19 2006	The Grand is grand		
Mar 22 2006 	Nice hotel - but could do better		
Feb 12 2006	very elegant hotel		
Jan 22 2006	A perfect stay		
Jan 15 2006	Nice Hotel but Middle of Nowhere		
Dec 21 2005 	Taxi PA makes it impossible to sleep		
Dec 20 2005	One of the best hotels in Delhi		
Dec 14 2005 	not a 5*		
Oct 17 2005 	Think again about staying at the Grand hotel Delhi		
Jan 5 2005	Quality and Comfort		
