Nov 9 2009 	Watch out for the extra costs!	This hotel has lovely clean sheets and a lift and a fridge in the room. However everything else was a bit of a let down . Watch out for the extra costs. The room charge was for bed and breakfast , but when checking out the manager was going to charge for breakfast. When using email I was asked to write my name &amp; sign the form, nothing was written on the form and I used the email for about half an hour, when finished the charge was for 2 hours because my start time had been written wrongly on the form. Watch the menu prices as the charge is not always what the menu says some of our meals were charged at twice the amount than was written on the menu (check, check, check everything). The restaraunt was awful as was the food. I wouldn't recommend this hotel because we had to keep checking all the costs and continued to find prices were always wrong.	
Nov 2 2009	Very disappointing	We're not too fussy but turning up at the Sunstar Heritage after a longhaul flight at 2am to find no sheets on the bed, 1 smoky smelly towel, opened bottles of water and no hot water and the loudest air conditioning in the world that only did 1 temperature which was a polar blast - is not my idea of a hotel. We asked the manager for fresh towels the next day that never turned up and the following night we did have sheets but we were better off in our own sleep sheets. Would not recommend this hotel unless they make some changes.	
Aug 26 2009	Nice location clean hotel!	I was pretty impressed with this hotel after I read other reviews. If you are looking for a comfortable place to rest your head there is nothing wrong with this hotel. The rooms are very comfortable, with great airconditioning and clean sheets and towels. The bathroom was clean and there was always hot water, which wasn't the case in many hotels I've stayed in India. The restaurant was closed when I was there and you could only have room service which wasn't brilliant, but there are so many great places to eat who cares. Although it was a little expensive I felt very safe there being on my own and the staff were very helpful. Finally the hotel is not on a very busy street, therefore it wasn't noisy at night.	
Oct 9 2008 	Don't stay here	Don't stay here--eerie place. Originally I was supposed to stay at the owner's other property, Incredible Home Stay (which gets pretty good reviews), but was placed here instead. The service is abysmal (as in I can't believe these people are actually in the hospitality business) although the rooms were pretty clean. Sheets were cleanly pressed, but lightly stained if you scrutinize and as I'm a bit of a germiphobe, I look closely. Bathrooms were okay (I stayed in rooms 105 and 305). What was most frustrating is that their designated taxi drivers totally rip you off--FAR better to just catch an auto rickshaw on the street outside, but if you're traveling alone as I was (female), this can be a very, very intimidating prospect at 5 am when you need to catch a 6 am train to Agra. Also, be sure to negotiate with them on price. They charged me 1800 rupees, no tax, for one night, but then tried to charge me luxury tax on the second night. (?!). Do NOT eat at the restaurant--awful food and filthy kitchen--and be aware that there was a bombing in the Karol Bagh market nearby just a few weeks ago...	
May 18 2008	Not a pleasant experience	- Not very professional- Unless good bargain is done, you will lose- No direct booking facility. Even if you try to contact hotel directly the hotel you'll end up in contacting a travel agent who works as a contact point on many nearby hotels.- Try to avoid these broker/ middleman to save money	
