Oct 11 2009 	Very Average	Service and room OK but:Very much noise - rooms are not isolated from internal noise - staff begin work at 5am, opening and closing doors, taking linen from nearby cabinets, talking, dragging chairs and tables etc. - all with much noise. Nearby room had its bathroom just behind our heads - heard every opening of water, shower etc. Very annoying. Complaints did not help.Hotel breakfast at nearby restaurantvery very poor - even didn't have eggs...	
Sep 21 2009 	Great Staff 	i had booked over the net into a another hotel that did not meet my expectations, so i walked around Karol Bagh and came across Swathi - immediately got my attention, clean lobby, profesional staff and very helpfull. I had a delightful stay and were very pleased with the hotel staff. Good manager, front desk staff... infact all the staff were polite, helpfull and well trained...Kuddos to them ..made my stay greattt. i found the room spacious and very clean Iread about the negative reviews but i think its not fair on the staff as they go out of their way to make you comfortable.an example, they ( the manager on duty at the restaurant) even wake you up to check if you are gonna give breakfast a miss and were prepared to wait a few mins even though the time was almost up ... very personalised.Breakfast is unlimited in a veggeterian restaurant and its attendants, right down to the doorman are very professional. Plus they have another hotel around the corner with fantastic Rajistani food..Location - Its in the middle of Karol Bagh - close to shops, food outlets, metro station ( a must try) In addition to that the nternet Wifi is free (and working). Plus a computer near the front desk which helped me serach abt whr to go, eat etc whilst waiting for transport..Overall very happy with the hotel - would definitely stay there again and recommend it to anyone who wants a safe place to stay.	
Sep 2 2009 	Swati Deluxe - basic hotel with great vegetarian foodcourt	We stayed at the Swati Deluxe at both the start and end of an Intrepid tour. We found the location to be very good - close a metro station. The shops around were very interesting to us - a great sweet shop nearby and the Karol Bagh markets (clothes, belts, bags etc) a block away. The rooms were basic 3 star. On our first stay, one of the rooms had a broken chain (the door could be locked but I like to have a security chain). On our second stay, we were kindly allocated rooms with an interconnecting door. The rooms also seemed to have been updated which I understand was happening progressively throughout the hotel. The staff at the hotel were efficient and seemed very busy. Some staff were quite friendly. There was quite a deal of noise at night, although the second stay was quieter due to location of rooms.The highlight for us was the vegetarian food court next door. We loved the food and ate several meals there because there was a great variety.	
Apr 9 2009 	Good Hotel With all 4 Star Aminites	After having considerable difficulty locating a business (70-$100) hotel in Delhi for a personal visit, we settled on the Swati Deluxe Hotel based on reviews on TripAdvisor.We had a delightful stay and were very pleased with the hotel staff.1) They showed up at the airport as promised for the complimentary pickup. They come in an Logan(comfortable car) so if you are a large family with luggage cal them and let them know in advance.2) Our room was basic but both the room and the hotel inside was very clean. Folks who have written negative reviews are likely having inflated expectations of what $60-70 per night can get you in Delhi. The area around the hotel is great (in the middle of Karol Bagh) - that did not bother me so I liked the hotel esp. the courteous staff.Car parking is and bus parking facility is also their.3) The complimentary breakfast and the attendants serving it are very professional.4) We had made taxi arrangements for Delhi and Agra sightseeing from hotel . 5) Best part is internet Wifi is free,and also business center is also free.6) They a good vegetarian food court in the name of &quot;Shudh&quot; ,and also they have specialty restaurant in the name was &quot;Suruchi&quot;.Overall very happy with the hotel - would definitely stay there again if going thru' Delhi on personal visit.or Business visit.	
Feb 3 2009 	Good Location Average Service	I liked the location. Close to the Metro Station, Restaurants. But the hotel can get its act together for Cleanliness and Service. May not stay again as there are better places.	
Jan 28 2009 	Very Decent Hotel and Helpfull Staff	I had a good stay here. Of course, I got upgraded to a suite and hence could not experience the regular rooms, but the place was quite decent.As I remember, my bill also came about 9,000 lesser than my last stay in Delhi. I will stay in this place for my future travel as long as they extend the same facilities – discounts etc.ThanksHemanthemail:-subramanya.ma@tycoelectronics.com	
Dec 15 2008 	Above average price for a below average hotel.	This hotel is located near to a metro and there are alot of similar hotel with same pricing nearby. Please bear in mind that the hotel will charges 22.5% of taxes for the price shown on the pamphlet. Remember to ask for a discount if you arrive late at night. Ovearall, it is a below average hotel.	
Jul 16 2008 	Decent stay	There are a multitude of mid-range hotels in Delhi and the Swati Deluxe is a good choice. One piece of advice regarding hotels in India -- bear in mind that their idea of 3-star may not be what you expect. The hotels are clean and the staff are usually friendly, but it's not going to be in line with what you would expect in the States or in Europe. I would say that the mid-range hotels in India are about on par with economy motels in the States. After the marathon flight, the staff at Swati Deluxe were welcoming. The hotel is a little difficult to find, so be sure you have specific directions/information to provide to your driver. The rooms are clean and they provided towels each day. The attached restaurant has very good selections for breakfast, lunch and dinner. We found it very convenient and enjoyable.	
Feb 14 2008	A RAT ate my apple!!!	Our first night in India, the hotel gave us a fruit basket which consisted of an apple and a banana. We left it on our TV stand and during the night I could hear gnawing sounds! I thought it was my mind playing tricks on me, but in the morning we saw that the apple was half eaten! BEWARE! Small 3-occupancy rooms and no working shower heads. The only positive is the buffet breakfast at the hotel's restaurant.	
Oct 12 2007	Good location but poor service	The hotel was well located, near restaurants and shopping. When we checked into the hotel at 2100, someone was in the room that they gave us. They then cleaned the room while we waited, but they didn't even change the sheets. The room was quite dirty, with hairs all in the rumpled sheets and trash still in the trash can. Also we felt like the staff were not very helpful when we raised our concerns that the room not being clean and waited around waiting on bakeesh, even after just cleaning the room.	
Jul 11 2007 	Great place to stay	Myself and three friends stayed in the Swati Deluxe on three seperate occasions during the months of December 06 to January 07. We originally found this hotel through our travel group, Intrepid, though we returned to it when we were travelling independently.The rooms are clean and comfortable with decent hot water, though you will need to switch on a seperate hot water tap before the main hot water tap has hot water (this is India, after all!). Room service and a telephone (capable of international calls) is available in all rooms.I can highly recommend this hotel because of its very helpful staff. We left literally mounds of luggage with them for weeks on end, and they were only too happy to keep it for us.They unfailingly organised endless taxis, tours and so on for us and told us what we should expect to pay. The friendly staff were only to eager to go the extra mile and carry our luggage and so forth.Just behind the hotel is the wonderful Karol Bagh market, which is lively at night and has great shopping by day, including a Levi's outlet and Spycar jeans. They will take up the hems for free. The two males travelling with us had extremely high quality suits tailored at Sethi's for a fairly low price ($400 for my partner, for full suit and 5 tailor made suits in high quality wool from Scotland).The foyer has free, reasonable-speed internet available. The only downside is that the one &quot;internet cafe&quot; nearby has a group of lazy teenagers working there who never want to switch on the computers for you and so tell you they are &quot;closed&quot; (this happened three times). We had to catch a rickshaw across town for internet.The hotel is a hub for Intrepid tours and so is a good place to meet like-minded travellers.	
Jun 23 2007	Swati Deluxe Karol Bagh	For the ones who want to have a nice stay in Delhi, the Swati Deluxe is a very well located hotel, in the market center of Karol Bagh. It's not very expensive, and the rooms are okay, clean at least, with western facilities. You find very good and inexpensive restaurants in the area, but don't go to the restaurant just beside the hotel (the hotel will send you to that place for breakfast, but it's not good and it's very expensive !!!) Better go to the restaurant Crossroad of Bengals sweets... :) You can make arrangements for transportation with the hotel directly, but there is a subway station close. Swati Deluxe is a safe place and you can book online directly on their website.	
Dec 5 2008 	Un lujo con encanto en la ciudad de los contrastes.		
