Oct 13 2009 	A great palce -quality for money	A great hotel.The rooms are great .the ambiance is excellent.The staff was friendly and very helpful.Truly speaking a great place with value for money.	
Aug 26 2009 	Looks are good but be cautious	The hotel's interiors are good but the food and the bed were not at all good. The hotel does not have Room Service. A big Upsetter. Another thing is that it is located in a quite remote area.	
Jun 4 2009 	Low budget business class hotel - heart of delhi	Hi,Stayed in this hotel a couple of times. Pretty neat hotel &amp; in a good price. Around 5 K's, it is value for money. The facilities are good &amp; the connectivity from the hotel to any part of Delhi is simple. The location is quite near to India Gate.The breakfast offered is good &amp; I have seen quite a few Americans &amp; European's staying in this hotel on their business trips. Defenitely Value for money.	
May 28 2009 	Very nice place but overpriced and with an attitude.	I have stayed here once sometime ago. The place is beautifully constructed and the rooms are quite stylish. The menu is too westernized and choices are limited. The food is okay, not great. The staff has a bit of an attitude and looks down upon Indian travelers as the place is quite popular with western tourists.	
Apr 15 2009 	Bleak Hotel in Upscale Neighboorhoor	Hotel looks great from the outside. Don't let that fool you. It attempts to be a boutique hotel, but it just missed the mark completely.Lovely, quiet, and safe neighboorhood about 4km from Connaught Place.Deluxe rooms are tiny, full of mosquitoes. Bathrooms are sleak, but not very clean. The service generally friendly but not extremely helpful.Hotel has WiFi, but it was SLOW and could only purchase access one hour at a time.Breakfast and restaurant were lackluster. I am pretty sure it was hotel food that was the cause of my food poisoning. (&quot;Delhi Belly.&quot;)I was shocked to learn how much my firm paid for this travel. (We used travel agent in India to make our India reservations, and I am sure was getting some sort of kickback). Deals in the areas at 4- and 5-star hotels (the Oberoi. LeMeridian, Shangri La) seemed to be much better, yet we were stuck here because our reservation was prepaid.Stay away.	
Feb 17 2009 	excellent hotel with cool atmosphere to stay.....i recomend it to lall of you	cool place ,decent atmospher to live in ....quality time at the hotel ...nice staff,,,,,mail at delhi@shervanihspl.com	
Jan 3 2009 	Decent Accomodations for the Price - but with some problems.	Delhi is an extremely expensive city for accomodations and overall we were satisfied with Shervani. That said, it comes with issues. The Positives: It's in a decent location not far from Old Delhi and the popular tourist sites. The rooms are a good size and the staff was friendly.The Negatives: ROOMS: DO NOT get a room facing the front of the hotel. Demand one at the back. There are a pack of neighborhood dogs that howl ALL NIGHT LONG. I'm not a light sleeper but was kept awake the majority of two nights due to the insanely loud barking. I realize this isn't the hotels fault - but get a room toward the back. Also, I had to have the staff change the sheets to our bed as the &quot;clean&quot; linens had blood stains. I've traveled enough to be used to stained sheets - however blood stains I couldn't deal with. To the staffs credit they changed the sheets right away and replaced them with clean white ones. -- Also, after getting a room toward the back of the hotel (by night 3 I couldn't take the barking anymore) our new room was very large but the bathroom had no hot water. RESTAURANT: The restaurant is &quot;okay&quot;. Breakfast is eggs and cereal, however our first night there we ate dinner at the restaurant and bugs from the ceiling lights above kept falling into our food.... Despite the negatives, I still think this is a decent option in Delhi. The city is so expensive and Shervani provided a safe, clean (with the exception of our first set of sheets) room. If you are simply looking for an affordable place to sleep at night this is a fine option.	
Jan 12 2008 	Good Location and great rooms	This hotel has a wonderful quite location near the Delhi zoo. Modern and sleek the staff seem a bit aloof and distant but were very helpful. Maybe a bit overprized but a very good option in a city that can be a bit overbearing at times. Walk to the nearby SUNDAR NAGAR market grounds for brilliant food and antiques!	
Nov 17 2007 	A dissapointment	We were disappointed with this hotel. It gives the impression of trying to be ultra modern but ends up being rather unwelcoming. We could not face a meal in the very bright ,cold feeling restaurant with tables packed closely together, even though we only saw a couple of people eating there. The buffet at breakfast was very limited and the worst we had during our stay in India.The rooms were of a good size but, as a previous reviewer pointed out, the TV has only Indian channels. The bathroom tried to be really modern but the area around the bath was cracked and chipped and the sensor operated light and fan that came on even when we were not in the bathroom was very annoying.It was one of those infuriating hotels where you have to slam the doors hard to shut them and so if you want a lie in or a snooze before an early morning flight, as we did, forget it!There was a mini bar but it was empty and the only way to get a beer was to call room service.It is true that it is in a quiet location but it is some way from the centre and impossible to walk anywhere for a meal or shopping. There is no bar and no public lounge area, so it is just your bedroom to relax in.	
Nov 16 2007 	Not worth the money.....	Well, being first time in India, didn't know what to expect and was surprised for USD180, the hotel is doesn't live up to expectations but then again hotels in India are expensive in big cities!!!Arrived very late in New Delhi as in most international flights to New Delhi and by the time I reached the hotel which was in a secluded residential area, was shocked that the hotel is nothing but something like a terrace house that was &quot;reconstructed&quot; into a hotel. The exterior of the hotel looks good but the restaurant was pathetic when I arrived late for a dinner, the so called buffet dinner is pathetic with 5 dishes at its most and breakfast was equally bad. Nothing fanciful and nothing to really comment about. I would rather eat toast for every day during my 3 nights stay there. Coming back to the rooms, they are clean which I think is the best this hotel can offer and the choice of channels was limited to Indian channels compared to what was promised on their TV programme list. When I asked the reception about it, they say that you have to re-tune on your own which was a big disappointment. Service was so so with staff saying they do not have adaptor for my laptop which is important as I was on business trip.Close proximity to the exhibition center is probably why this hotel is expensive. Not much to offer within the vicinity and you do not really want to step out once you are in your comfy room.Given a choice, would not want to stay in this hotel again but given the expensive rate for hotels in New Delhi, it would be tough to find similar clean hotels at this rate I guess	
Apr 22 2007	Really quiet and clean hotel with powerful showers!	Our stay at Shervani was great- the room was spacious and clean with a very powerful shower! The hotel is located in a very quiet and safe area and the hotel staff is generally very friendly and helpful. Great value for money.	
Mar 20 2007 	Great until checkout	A friend booked our stay at Hotel Shervani in New Dehli. I was most concerned about cleanliness of the hotels. Since we were only staying in New Delhi for one night, we did not want to pay an exorbitant amount to stay in a luxury hotel. Pros: A pleasant surprise. The rooms and bathroom were very clean. The food was delicious (but we were hungry) and the front desk was very courteous and helpful (arranging taxis and such).Con 1: We were so pleased with our stay until check-out time. When we reviewed our bill, there were 2 outside phone calls that were made on our bill. The only interaction that we had with phones was receiving calls from another room in the same hotel at night. The record on the bill showed that a call to Calcutta and a call to Delhi had been made during the afternoon (we were not even in the hotel at that time...we were in Agra at the Taj Mahal!). We asked the front desk about it and at first, they acted as if they did not believe us because the calls were recorded. After a period of attestation, the front desk said that they would ask their supervisor and would refund us if they saw that we were telling the truth. We were not concerned about the money (it probably amounted to less than $2), but rather honesty. Our assumption is that whoever went in our rooms to clean it, made the calls. Fortunately, nothing was taken.Con 2: Most of the drivers did not really know where the hotel was located (I think it's fairly new). It's located around the corner of the main row of hotels.Overall, were it not for that one incident at the end, the stay would have been perfect and I could say that I'd stay there again. It's a really good deal for the cleanliness and amenities. However, it's a shame that this one incident could really break the trust or honesty of the service.I give it &quot;excellent&quot; for the accomodation, but &quot;poor&quot; because of our checkout experience. I hope that others did not experience this incident...such a shame.	
