Jun 25 2009 	We had great time...........	As we have taken this holiday on weekend &amp; its pakage was great as the hotel was, we were on triple occupancy &amp; the hotel staff were good enough to take care of us.........We had blast &amp; enjoyed the weekend with all recreational stuff &amp; evening with great wine..........Food is equaly good but expensive enough............&amp; as the the hotel clams to be 4star, its fair enough to be..........	
Jun 19 2009 	Clarion Collection	A very comfortable and clean hotel in Delhi. The rooms are very spacious and very well maintained. The hotel restaurant is very good and serves Indian and continental food. Almost all facilities are available within the hotel. A very good place for business meeting and conferences.	
Jun 12 2009 	Good location comfortable for business visitors	Had been to Qutab for a business event. The hotel is pretty centrally located which makes it ideal for business travellers.The conference hall was huge and the staff was cooperative. They did make all arrangements as per our requirements. The lunch was arranged by the poolside. The rooms are very comfortable. The food is ok, not great. Overall good for business travellers and tourists travelling alone or couples. May not be attractive or value for money for families.	
May 10 2009 	Two nights at The Qutab	I normally stay at a different hotel in New Delhi, but chose to stay here as it was close to the location for my business meetings. Safe to say that I totally regretted my choice within 15 minutes of landing up.The reception staff at check-in was probably a trainee from one of the hotel management institutes - had absolutely no clue about my reservation, even though I had a print out of the reservation confirmation with me - took them about 15 minutes to sort that out. I was then led to my room on the 4th floor, via a very slow and temperamental elevator that stopped on every floor on the way for no apparent reason - as no one got in or got off - a pattern that was repeated for the two days that I was there.The room was spacious, and relatively clean. The TV was an old piece of junk that made strange crackling and hissing noises. The bathroom looked as if it had not been cleaned since 1982, with grime in the tiling and a couple if missing tiles.Luckily, I had no opportunity to sample the food, except for breakfast on the first morning. Going by the cold, congealed quality on offer, I'm fairly sure that the rest of the meals would have left a lot to be desired.The straw that broke the camel's back was the incident of the malfunctioning key-card. I got back fairly late from dinner on the second night, and my key-car would not work. I went down to the reception to get that fixed, and it took them - get this - about 45 minutes to get one that worked!An over-priced, worthless two night stay.	
Apr 26 2009 	Great Value Great Hotel	So clean a hotel. Unbelievable breakfast buffet bar. Loved the omlet stations. Clean rooms. On a less crowded road. Entry &amp; Exit very good. Parking OK. But the staff stood me out while they went to the room and checked the minibar status how much to charge me while I was in a hurry to get to the airport	
Dec 1 2008 	not recommended	i stayed in qutab hotel in march for a day.its purely not a business class hotel.building is old and very average in terms of rooms and services.cleanlyness is ok but not very good.moreover the surroundings makes it worse.there is a garbage dump near by.no gud market near by.bad locality.i would purely not recommend it.	
Nov 5 2008 	A very good 3-star hotel. That's right... 3 stars.	This is not a 5 star hotel by any standard. There are true luxury hotels in Delhi and this is definitely not one of them. I would actually say that this is a good 3-star hotel - I think it's the best way to describe it.The place is in the middle of nowhere surrounded by nothing. The building is old and tired, and so are the rooms. It looked like a weird block of flats that at some stage was converted into a hotel. The staff is friendly and professional, but sometimes a bit clumsy.The most annoying thing for me was the unreliable internet access. It kept dropping out and was terribly slow. It's terrible if you plan to do some work here... During meetings and presentations there were also repeated power outages, which was annoying as it kept cutting out power to the projector, which needed time to be reset.The breakfast was among the worst breakfasts I have had in a long time. The pastry looked, felt and tasted like it had been sitting there for a week. The choice of food was very limited too.The restaurant food (lunch and dinner) was otherwise ok. I had some food there, and also some room service, and it was fine. No complaints. I think the problem is just the breakfast.Would definitely not return here and wouldn't recommend it.	
Mar 1 2008 	A shambles of a 5 star that provided doss house quality of life	This hotel claims to provide a 5 star service and facilities but falls very very far short in terms of delivery. Having stayed here for 6 nights there are clearly systematic problems in terms of management and infrastructure. a) plumbing/water. For one night we were without running water (or in lavatory), and often the water ran brown. The gurgling of the plumbing kept me awake long enough to have knock on effects for my meetings the following day. b) noise - a colleague of mine suffered from intermittent but persistent electric motor noises in some service shaft near his room. When eventually moved a day or so later, was moved to exact same position on another floor, with same environmental noise pollution.c) food - the quality and upkeep of the food is questionable. At breakfast the sliced tomato/cucumber was dried up and almost curling. The cheese board also in a poor state. poor range of food available for breakfast. In general, bizarre discrepancies between room srevice and restaurant menu - such that when asked for a light meal of mushroom soup followed by cheese selection in restaurant was told 'mushroom soup only available via room service'. So, had to go to room, order soup, wait 20 minutes, eat that, then descend to restaurant for cheese course. d) key system - on at least 5 occasions during stay the swipe card key to room became inactive, and so had to make long trip via slow lift service back to reception to get reactivated - I should put in expense claim for the time and travel involved !e) overall staffing attitude - the patina of obsequiousness displayed by the staff was not matched by the concept of service provision to the customer - obstructive and just plain unintelligent.The range of areas in which this hotel falls short amazes me - strongly recommend not to use this.	
Dec 22 2007 	Would not be sad if I had to return	The Qutab is a nice modern 7 storey building. Nice marble entrance, helpful and very friendly staff (bell captain, porters), okay reception staff and a nosy hotel manager (who once happened to come into our room without knocking and then only could stumble &quot;oh, sorry, do you wish something from the room service?&quot;. Still no clue what he really wanted. Rooms are spacious, some of them with great flatscreen tv, others with standard equipment. Good beds, minibar, in room safe, okay bathroom (not much water pressure in shower). Cosy bar/breakfast restaurant. Just around the corner, same complex, a very good Indian restaurant (expensive though, we paid 160 euro for two bottles of wine). Swimming pool looked good (but too cold to try, outdoor). Room airco should have heated room up (it was only 4 degrees outside) but did not. Everywhere in the hotel it was freezing cold. Internet access excellent (WiFi). They also have sauna/hamman/massage, did not try it out. Location: a bit out of where interesting things are happening, but for business meeting fine. All in all, was good, although a bit overrated perhaps. I would a next time still look for another option, but if I would not be able to find a better one (in terms of location) then I would not be sad having to go back.	
Aug 6 2007 	Had a great time	We stayed here last October. It was my first visit to India &amp; I was worried about what the hotels would be like. We stayed here for one night at the start of our tour &amp; for 2 nights at the end. We loved it. The rooms were very clean, modern, quiet &amp; comfortable.The pool area is very nice &amp; there are two restaurants on site. The buffet breakfast was excellent &amp; the staff would cook Euoropean breakfasts , if you asked. We found the coffee shop staff to be really helpful. They suggested where we could eat in Delhi &amp;, as we both love Indian food, they made us dishes which were not on the menu. The other restaurant was a bit smarter, but was also very good. We booked thsi as part of a package, so I don't know what the rate was. Woul agree with other reviewers about the attitude of the desk staff. Would stay here again &amp; would recommend.	
Jun 30 2007 	Nice experience	I stayed at the Qutab twice for a total of six nights in June 2007. I was nicely surprised by the stylish overall appearance, including the design and spaciousness of the room. Internet worked fine, and 2.5 Euros per hour is not an unusual charge. Food is not bad, and there is an additional, very stylish Indian restaurant in the compound that is quite good. You don't want to walk around in the neighborhood, except maybe into the park just next to the hotel. It takes 10 min by taxi to get into a lively part of town. I was booked into the hotel by my customer who gets a discounted rate that comes out at about 120 Euros / night. By Delhi standards, this is good value for money. If you have to pay the rack rate, things are obviously different. What I didn't like was the fact that I had to pay fully for the night of arrival (where I got into the hotel at 4 am) and the night of departure (leaving the hotel at 1 am).	
Jan 25 2007	Not Recommended	Rated and regarded as one of Delhi's Delux hotels the Hotel Qutab was a severe disappointment, being nothing better than a standard Holiday inn but at exhorbitant prices. I stayed in the hotel when I arrived and then upon my return from a Golden triangle Tour booked through Diplomatic Holiday in Delhi (which I would never do business with ever again). The first room was part of the tour with an enormous plasma television screen on the wall and nice toiletries including a silk bathrobe. I paid for the last wo nights as they were not part of the package and was vastly over-charged $200. U.S. for a much smaller room with a standard television. The food was generally good (but overpriced) and the service excellent. The drawback to this property is that it is not located in the downtown core of Delhi, if one can even identify a downtown core, but set admist absolute squalor. I felt as if I were a captive in the hotel. One short walk outside of the compound for some fresh air was enough for me. This property caters to mostly Indian business people and is definately not for a tourist visiting Delhi. Not recommended.	
Nov 29 2005	Hotel Qutab: Not the best value for your money	Hi,I am an Indian national who stayed at Hotel Qutab along with my wife who is a US citizen. I stayed there for just 1 day during a 12 hour stopover before boarding an international flight back to the US from Delhi in November 2005.Firstly, if you call them and ask, they will tell you they are a 4-star or 5-star hotel. Hotel ratings are too inconsistent in Delhi, and most likely hotel staff in Delhi will tell you what you want to hear about their star rating. I would not give Hotel Qutab more than a 3-star rating for class/amenities and a 4-star rating for service. I paid $140 per night for my stay. But of course, in Delhi, demand is greater than supply for hotels, so they charge you whatever they can think of. I requested early check-in a week ago and it was promised when I paid for it a week earlier. Even if I wanted to check-in at 10:30 a.m. as opposed to the 12:00 p.m. check-in time, if there are no rooms available, they are not going to bother to let you know in advance. So I had to wait for an hour in the lobby while they waited on someone else to check out and get my room made. It was however nice of them to offer me some free tea :-) for making me wait, though it did not make a difference to me.Their air-conditioning unit seemed like it was started just before we walked into the room and did not work right for the few hours we stayed there. Their room service was good, the hot water worked great and the bed was comfortable. Their internet connection was down because their server was down, I'd think they'd be better equipped with all the money being charged for the room rates. I had wanted to check my flight schedules and they did not have a phone book with them to get hold of phone numbers. They did however connect me to the Yellow Pages hotline free of charge and I was able to obtain the required phone numbers.Upon check-in, I had confirmed that the payment was already made for the room. However, upon check-out, thanks to a lack of communication with the staff working in the evening, they had to make a bunch of calls again to make sure the payment was already made and made me wait a good 15 min. during check-out before confirming something they should have known.Sriram	
Sep 7 2005	GreatGreat.Great	We stayed at the Quatab for 14 days last year and the service especially from the restaurant staff was exeptional. We are trying to book again for 2006. Excellant	
May 1 2005	I suspect that reception staff did not post our postcards	My family and I stayed at the Qutab on 2 separate occasions in january 2005.On leaving we did not have time to go to the post office and post our holiday postcards - about 20 of them. So we left the money for postage with staff in the reception and someone promised to post the cards.Now, 3 months later, nobody has received a postcard. Not one single postcard arrived.What should I think ?	
