	Loved the service	I reached in the hotel and stayed there for 3 nights and stay was good and received best service.	
Nov 18 2009 	Better than Expected	was the only avail 5 star hotel when i needed the room. was a bit skeptical having read online reviews . really hate old rooms . However the experience turned out to be much better, maybe because i got a room on the club floor , room was very new and modern. took a peak at the other floors, did look much more dated.	
Nov 16 2009 	Luxury with a view	An exquisite experience of comfort and excellent food. It was a very memorable trip.	
Nov 11 2009 	Despite musty smell Taj Palace a delight	I recently stayed for 3 nights at the Taj Palace. The welcome I received was extraordinary, and I soon learned that the exceptional level of service was consistent throughout the hotel. I stayed on the Club floor, which was outstanding. Every time I returned to the room, I found fresh towels and ice in the ice bucket. The room gadgets are handy and internet service is faster than in any other Indian hotel I've stayed in. Only negative is the musty smell, but hey, this is India and I got used to it pretty quickly. The &quot;one free outfit press per day&quot; is a convenient touch. Restaurants are great, gym is well-equipped and open 24/7, and the Club Lounge on the 7th floor is a great place to relax, read and have a drink and a snack. While not inexpensive, the Club floor at the Taj is my new &quot;spot&quot; in Delhi.	
Nov 7 2009 	worst hotel in new delhi india	i always stay at the taj mahal but this trip there was no places so i had to stay in the taj palace and it was the worst stay i had and the worst people and there all lier's and they dont keep there word on the phone bookings for a rate of 400$ a night in a club room its really something very bad very very bad i will not ever go there and i will never recommend it for no one and who ever is reading this dont ever go there its really the worst place in all india a 4 star hotel is better then the taj palace.i hated all india from this stay and from the fights i had with them in the last day and every day.guys dont even think of staying there an advice from me to all..	
Oct 18 2009 	Good still some scope for improvement	I had stayed here with my office mates for an International conference held in the hotel itself. The location is quite near the airport just opposite the Delhi Ridge, a small forest within the city. The rooms were quite large with good views of the city from the windows. The furniture and upholstery was average and looked a bit old and outdated, same goes for the washrooms. The food was excellent and in my view the best thing about this place is its food. The staff were not different from any other 5 star hotel, always smiling and ready to help. Overall I would recommend this one.	
Oct 18 2009 	Not different to other big chain hotels	I spent 3 nights in October. There was a conference held here so this was the hotel chosen for the attendants. When I enter these kind of hotels I get the feeling I am in the same place. Lobbies are the same, rooms dont have a personality, fitness clubs and pools are bigger, smaller, but ....no big differences. So what I look for here is service.In this particular case my &quot;normal&quot; room in the 4th floor was quite old and it showed. The bathroom had a very old decor and in general it looked outdated although they placed LCD and some &quot;modern&quot; things. It was a clean room, which is also comforting.The difference I saw here was the personnel. Incredibly kind, always a natural smile on their faces, always trying to help you, a positive attitude you don´t see always (frequent travellers will agree with me) in hotels.The price is quite expensive if I had to pay from my own pocket. The pool is quite big and there is a nice garden in the ground floor.Restaruants: Breakfast is a good buffet as usual, but for dinner avoid this same restaurant. Food is definetely not good there. The indian restaurant (in my opinion) is on the expensive side but the food was great. I had dinner twice there, fortunately not so spicy. I missed the opportunity of dining in the new vietnamese restaurant since it was full every single night.Fitness club, ok.Have a safe trip!	
Oct 6 2009 	Love the atmosphere	Hotel has very good staff with a very good atmosphere.	
Aug 17 2009 	Hotel is still in 80's but its the staff who makes the difference	Taj palace hotels &quot;Earth rooms&quot; are the worst, they dont have mini fridge, although there is a mini bar without soda, softdrinks and ice. Extra bed looks very much like hospital bed. Hotel is still in its 80's where aminities are concerned. By the way Swimming pool had insects in water.Food is great in the restaurants, but they need to mention the cuisine name on menu cards of Kafe Fontana.If atall what makes Taj a memorable experience is its wonderful and well trained staff.	
Jul 8 2009 	Luxurious	We stayed in one of the club rooms at the Taj Palace in 2007. We had 3 nights relaxing here before returning home after a tiring tour around Rajasthan. A wonderful greeting from the staff on arrival with a very quick booking in and escort up to our room. The staff were always very courteous and helpful.Our room had a lovely view over the pool area and was generally quite spacious with an open view over the bathroom (with optional screen in the form of an electric blind) - all very modern and quite impressive.We had a comfortable and very luxurious stay and with complimentary Molton Brown products in the bathroom I could quite happily have remained in the hotel indefinitely.The hotel itself is also equipped with a lovely outdoor pool and mini golf area. An indoor fitness centre and several wonderful restaurants. The decor is modern but luxurious in a way which reminds you that you are in such exotic surroudings, and although it is not very centrally located it is only a short trip by taxi (or rickshaw for a little more thrill-seeking!). Although less enjoyable, it is probably advisable to get transport arranged by the hotel (both safer and cheaper - as locals assume you have money to burn if you stay here be prepared to be &quot;ripped-off&quot;).The hotel otherwise - definitely worth it for a special occasion. The club room we stayed in was certainly worth the money although I'm not sure whether other rooms would match up as well.	
Jul 7 2009 	10 year Honey Moon	Great Hotel, Great People, Great Service. One of the Best I have ever stayed. Beautiful hotel in a very nice place in Delhi.	
Jul 1 2009 	1 star rooms for a 5 stars price	had to stay there for a conference.this hotel is a joke, the prices are up to the roof and the rooms are in such a terrible state:very small, hardly any place to walk around the bed, the tv must have seen the 80's, it is so old.the bathroom tops everything:the tub was clogged, and so was the washbasin.the toilets must have been built for giants, sorry to give such graphic details but you can hardly stay in a sitting position on them because they have been designed to be so high.nothing works, we had to call several times to fix the internet connection and wait forever to get it done.and all we hear all day long: &quot;we are sorry, we are sorry&quot;there is no way that this hotel should be given 5 stars, it is a joke.the so-called fitness center is just that : so-called.	
Jul 1 2009 	Top Notch Hotel	Great place to stay. We were only there for one night before we left for the airport, but it's a beautiful place. The lobby is huge, three restaurants, a bar, a mini-golf course in the back, nice pool, very safe, rooms were huge and very comfortable, staff was very friendly. I'm not sure what we paid since we booked through a private tour, but I'm assuming it was a lot...	
Jun 27 2009 	A HOTEL WITH TOP QUALITY SERVICE IN ALL AREAS	My wife and I spent nearly two weeks in Delhi attending a friend's wedding, located partly at the Taj Palace and partly at The Oberoi Hotel.Despite the marbled opulence of the Oberoi, we felt that the Taj Palace possessed a warmer and more personal ambience, with a higher level of attentive and cheerful customer service.The Tea Room was an absolute delight for taking typically English afternoon tea and cakes (although the ninety two varieties of tea on offer were bafflingly large.) The Orient Express had a fantastic dinner menu served up in a most luxurious setting, although there were three other more modestly priced eating options within the hotel to suit every taste and size of pocket.The bathrooms could possibly benefit from a refurbishment/upgrade if judged at the highest level, but otherwise the rooms were spacious and well serviced.Our final transfer to the airport was potentially marred by the non arrival of an outside taxi booking, but the friendly and helpful hotel concierge not only organised a replacement vehicle literally within a minute, but also contacted the airport to put us on fast track ticketing priority such that we made our flight with a few minutes to spare. Tremendous service of the highest order.	
Jun 18 2009 	Great hotel	i liked my stay...overall experience was excellent...so was the staff...i think the sticking feature is the spacious hotel rooms and total area...	
Jun 13 2009 	Exquisite hotel with countless amenities and fabulous service!	My husband and I were delighted with our stay at the Taj Palace Delhi. Everything from the room comfort and cleanliness to the food, from the service to the amenities and the concierge to even the medical care, exceeded our expectations. My husband got sick with a fever and upset stomach toward the end of our stay. The hotel sent a doctor to our room within an hour, who conducted a thorough check-up, made an assessment and provided us with numerous options and resources should my husband require further attention. As the doctor predicted, my husband, after hydrating and eating khichri (as recommended by the doctor), was better the following day, and we could enjoy the rest of our trip outside of the hotel room. While I wish sickness upon no one (especially while traveling) you can rest assured that in such an event you will be well taken care of at the Taj Palace Delhi.	
Jun 13 2009 	Loved the arrangements	The Hotel has a very good ambience. The cooperativeness of the hotel staff very good. The food at the hotel is good and have quite a bit of varitety in the food. However the veg food could have been more better.	
Jun 12 2009 	Comfortable Stay	Nice ambience specially the green view from room.Food was excellent	
Jun 9 2009 	Taj becomes an addiction	It is located in the heart of the city. The hotel is well connected to the airport and all other important locations one has to go see around Delhi.If you wish to indulge in nice western cuisine...try the the Orient Express located in the hotel lobby. This restaurant features an actual dining car from the famous Orient Express train.	
Jun 8 2009 	Great Hotel Very costly for one day business trips	Very great hotel, best in the class and luckily i got the mini-executive room with free wine, chocolates and the room view.But the hotel rates are very expensive during the peak period and for one day business trips it can be very costly for your company.But the best place or hotel in Delhi, no doubt.ciaoronak	
Jun 8 2009 	Late night arrivals	Arrived late evening, after a long, tiring day at the Taj Palace, New Delhi. I was checked in pronto. Was also pleasantly surprised to be upgraded to the Club Lounge with its own concierge and club lounge where continental food is laid out each day.The club lounge also is a good location to have business discussions over nibbles or a meal, depending upon the time of day.The service, as in most Taj properties was incredible. I have now got so used to the pampering received at Taj properties in India, that I would hate to stay elsewhere. The property is brilliantly located for all of my work. It is indeed a beautiful property replete with all one could ask for, be it shopping or fitness/relaxation related faciliities. My only regret is that almost all my visits to this hotel have seen me getting into the hotel only late in the evening - just enough time to hit the sack and leave early morning.  The pool is lovely and luxurious. There's someone at your beck and call for your every need whilst in the pool, including laying out titbits or a drink, if you need one.Restaurants are greatThe other facilities do not lag behind in terms of facilities. The main shortcoming is that rooms are not easy to get at short notice. However, thanks to the current slowdown, this issue stands addressed.	
Jun 6 2009 	Excellent Service	I just returned from a Delhi trip last week where I stayed at the Taj Palace.I must say the service is truly excellent.Though I must share with you that the rooms on the 3rd floor still look the same (though in good condition still &amp; well maintained) as they did when I stayed there in 1990'sThey could do with renovation.The Orient Express Resturant was excellent, so was the coffee shop (which could again do with some renovation). The Masala Art - indian resturant well .. food is good, but decor needs 100% change - not at all on par with the &quot;taj standards&quot;.Got my Laundry back in 3 hours, and well done!Overall I must say value for money, but service truly excellent ..	
Jun 4 2009 	Taj Club - A wow experience !!	This was the 2nd visit to the Taj Palace &amp; because i has enrolled into their program was given a Club room to stay on. As usual the check in process was a breeze with no documentation because this was my 2nd stay...the hostess came till the room to explain everything and make me comfortable.Dinner was alone in the room &amp; the room service gave me an option to go for a non veg spaghetti meal which came before the time mentioned by them &amp; it was yum!!! The meal was just right for a night meal with it not being too heavy which i dont like anyway......( most hotels dont actually look into this &amp; guess its a matter of getting to know your customers better ) Last time i had decided to take a walk next day morning but this time decided to try the gym, the manager there was at his courteous best helping with me just about everything &amp; at the end of my workout even told me to try the spa ( some of the services were complimentary ) which i unfortunately couldnt as i had to rush for work.Breakfast was elaborate with one of the best range of foods that i have come across &amp; even my friend who had joined me for the same couldnt help going on eating looking at the range.Checkout was perfect with hardly a minute to sort out all the bills.Great &amp; needless to say this will be a property which i will come back to again the next time i am in Delhi.	
Jun 3 2009	Great service	Great service	
Jun 3 2009 	LOVED THE GOOD FRAGRANCE	Fantastic Accomodation For Leisure &amp; Business Both. Pools Are Marvolous. The Hotel Is Very Clean And Decor Is Simply Great. Rooms Are Cosy With Modern Gadgets To Provide A Great Time.	
May 28 2009	Wonderful Palace	Taj Palace is a luxurious hotel with all the facilities presented in such a grand fashion. I had a wonderful experience with my family. The food was excellent and served well - The room service was perfect and was appreciated by all my guests too. I loved the beautiful ambience and the cusines.	
May 25 2009 	The Power Of A Bad Habit	I am writing this to document the power of a bad habit and sheer inertia. You may not agree but you might sympathise. I have stayed at the Taj Palace for maybe a decade now, mostly for one and two nights.The good part is location, around 15 minutes dirve from the domestic airport, where I would award it 9/10. And that's unfortunately what I do end up paying the premium for.The good news ends there. The rooms are the most average (except the Club rooms which are a shade better) and have not been touched since perhaps 1995. The toilets, faucets, showers were installed at construction and have not been touched since. Or maybe the faucets were changed five years ago. The same goes for the carpets and the overall room upholstery.The rooms have that faint musty smell when you walk in and it stays that way for an hour or so. The air conditioners usually rattle, at least in my case on several occasions. Sometimes they rattle if turned on too high or too low. So the first half hour is spent trying to fix everything to one's requirements. Which if you arrive at 10.30 pm at night after a long day is not the most easy thing to do.There is no customer recognition to speak of. The Taj Group, I can testify in court, has the worst loyalty programme and is an apology for customer connect. No fresh fruits to greet a returning guest, not even a half-hearted attempt at recognition, nothing. To be fair, some other Taj Hotel properties do better.Obviously the problems get worse when you see what you pay and what you get. So its five-star prices and three to three and a half star feel and service. The restaurants have the similar, untouched, un renovated feel about them. The breakfast is okay, nothing to indicate anything special. And yet, I do end up staying here most of the time. Because as a business traveller, its still okay. I am waiting for a good alternative in close proximity. I am sure it will come.	
May 25 2009 	Excellent but overpriced like most Delhi 5* hotels	Like the mid town cousin, this hotel too is over priced and around 20 mins from the centre of the city. But service is excellent if you can afford average rooms at 20000 a night.	
May 16 2009 	Top quality hotel	I was really impressed with this hotel. It's top notch: really friendly counter and restaurant staff. They seem gebuiely keen to help and not just after a tip. The hotel is very expensive (to stay and to buy food) but its quality shines through. The Indian restaurant provided the best food during our stay in India.	
May 4 2009	Royalty at The Palace	The Taj Palace exemplifies India's rich cultural heritage and the amazing levels of Service &amp; Guest Relations that are so typical of Taj Group of Hotels.The expansive marble lobby of Taj Palace is imposing, as are its rooms (specially on their newly renovated Club Floor). One feels Royal, the moment one enters and a stay here (like in the old Taj at Mumbai) is an experience. A must for all foreign tourists visiting India.More expensive than most other Delhi Hotels, possibly due to its grandeur or its location at Diplomatic Enclave, this one typically costs around US$400 per night for regular rooms, while the Club Floors are around US$600.The Rooms were well equipped with large LCD TV, DVD player, Internet, Bose Stereo &amp; Bose WorldSpace Radio sets. Apart from the customary welcome drink on arrival (in-suite), we were greeted with flowers, a fruit basket, cookies &amp; a bottle of Chilean Wine. The mini-bar was well stocked, as was the tea/coffee maker. The newly renovated bathrooms have modern fitments and ample toileteries. The Club Lounge was being renovated, but, we were invited to the open bar in the Verandah, where, the choicest Wines, Champagne &amp; Single Malts were liberally poured for us along with some delectable hors'de'vours. The Chef at the Coffee Shop prepared excellent Lebanese fare for us &amp; I found it very reasonably priced. The Tea House of the August Moon is a speciality Asian restaurant and famous The Orient Express is also there for continental cuisine &amp; wines.Excellent Service levels all through. The Taj lives up to expectations with her hospitality.	
May 3 2009 	old but still ok	The hotel has the old world charm about it , but is now getting a bit creaky, while the rooms are large &amp; airy, the carpet on the floor is a bad idea.Love the LCD TV, but its installation on top of old furniture and all old furniture in the room is a bad idea.Missed the shower cabin, but location and breakfast is still great.	
Apr 30 2009 	The Coffee Shop is outstanding. Ambience and Food are superb.	The Taj Palace made our 1-day stay memorable. All around, spick-and-span surroundings and a delightful environment.I was happy to see the security arrangements too, just like at airports. Baggage screening and frisking, all done efficiently. Obviously, Housekeeping and Room Service were flawless. However, the only facility i would want as a tourist is an inclusive Transport Service to and from the airport. For such a prestigious hotel, it is easy to provide.	
Apr 29 2009 	Good Business Hotel	Good business hotel, located clsoe to the airport in the diplomatic enclave. Service was OK, what you would expect from a good Asian bsuiness hotel. Bathrooms are small need to be updated.	
Apr 29 2009 	Great ambience	A top rated business hotel. Ideally located, away from the traffic jams. The Rooms are big and spacious. Taj hotels are known for courtesy and good food. It's really a home away from home.The Hotel facilities were more than sufficient to launch my product. The arragements were superb. Separate entrances to the halls was really helpfull.	
Apr 28 2009 	Great food	When I was at taj it was great like any other 5 star.The restaurant called masala art was great.From music to food to performance.Great hospitality.Due to economic slowdown all hotels have dropped their rate,so it should be cheap now to stay.	
Apr 27 2009 	The surrounding greener and garderns were nice. Pool side sitting arrangement.	Taj Palace is in the midst of a beautiful greenary though man made. The hanging creepers in the pool side tables is a real treat to the eyes. Loved the hospitality of the staff. The facilities in the room were excellent.	
Apr 26 2009 	Standard Taj	Delhi is the only city where I think the Taj properties have serious competition from others and they just don't cut it.This is a solid business hotel but nothing about it stands out besides the usual high standards of Taj service.The other contenders in Delhi are The Imperial (amazing) and Le Meridien and Shangri-La are also better than the Taj properties.	
Apr 21 2009 	Staying at Taj becomes an expereience in itself.	The great thing about this hotel is its convenient location. Easily approachable from the airport or the railway station. Very nice and wooded surroundings ... something of a rarity in N.Delhi. So itsa 5 star but somehow lacks the amenities or services a wee bit, that one would expect from such a hotel.My experience with this hotel goes way back so im not sure how much has changed since then.Room service is decent .. but could be a bit better. Food is great .. the buffets are a must try.Room decor needs a little upgradation, something a little more ostentatious. The lobby is big and just too open for comfort ... so much more could have been planned there.All in all if you were to choose between the neighbouring Maurya Sharaton and Taj Palace .... id say Maurya Sheraton is where i would prefer to stay.	
Apr 18 2009 	Good Service	Taj Palace Delhi is a Hotel that I frequent. They take good care and the service is really great. I enjoy the hospitality and care they take. The rooms other than Club Class are a wee bit small , so if you like your rooms to be of decent size choose the club class.	
Mar 29 2009 	Taj Quality but poor location	A nice hotel, with a good breakfast buffet, but it's located in the embassy area of Delhi, so there's nothing within walking distance of the hotel... boring! I would prefer to stay somewhere with more activity (and cheaper!)	
Mar 20 2009 	Good 4 star	As with most hotels in Delhi, very high security existed. Hotel is not close to any major sites, located in the diplomatic community, about halfway between airport and central sites. However, roooms were very clean, service excellent, food (esp breakfast) superior. Our only real complaint is the street noise (horns) hearable trough the windows.	
Feb 20 2009 	great service though minor flaws	grand lobby. fantastic restaurant. great service. average room amenities. hotel staff are very attentive at all time. when they make a mistake, they would proceed with the service recovery promptly. some minor flaws do happen from time to time, but i can see the management is committed to provide each guest with maximum comfort.	
Feb 19 2009 	Fantastic Hotel excellent service. will definitely go back	Stayed at the Taj Palace Hotel for a week with my wife and 3 kids. Perhaps one of the best hotels that I have stayed at in all my travels. The rooms were comfortable and the hotel lobby is very impressive. The Taj hotels are known for their service and this hotel is no exception. The service at the restaurants was spectacular. We had the chef stop by every day asking us if the food was good and the waiters were exceptionally attentive.	
Feb 12 2009 	Very good- and an upgrade twice!	I stayed at the Taj Palace hotel as part of a tour for two nights- once at the start of my trip and once at the end. The hotel was not quite as grand as the Taj hotels in Mumbai where I live, but it was still very nice. It was very quiet when I was there and both times we were all upgraded to club rooms, which was fantastic. The rooms were very plush with great views- the only thing was that it was so high tech it took me a while to work out how to use the lights and the bath etc!! The private club breakfast room was superb, the business lounge was excellent, the room service excellent and I loved the little touches like being brought chocolate cake and straberries in the afternoon! Also, Molten Brown toiletries... lovely. The restaurant was fine but better than the food was the service- very friendly. Recommended for a stopover or business trip in Delhi.	
Feb 1 2009 	Fantastic hotel	This has to be one of the best hotels I have stayed in. The room was fantastic, the staff were great. The hotel is spotlessly clean.	
Jan 7 2009 	Not quite 5 star	Stayed here for one night only and that was enough. Strong and overpowering smell of fragrant oil everywhere. Exterior gaudy facade design and old paintwork make it look tired and unappealing. Entrance lobby is good but elevators leading to rooms, gaudy carpets in corridors and tackily painted walls and doors require a major upgrading job and more emphasis on detail. Rooms are no more than 3.5 to 4 star level. Room entrance door and cabinet work is gloomy and need replacement. Colour coordination of furniture, floor carpet, curtains is not to my taste. Breakfast is okay but not lavish in a bright red floored dining area as if designed by team from 'Changing Rooms' TV programme.Acceptable place to stay if price was say £100 a night.	
Dec 31 2008 	Nice Hotel pretty average!	We stayed at the Taj Palace for 2 nights. This was our first stop on our 11 day tour of India as part of our honeymoon. The hotel is in New Delhi and resides within a residential area. We felt very safe at the hotel, there are guards at the main gate and even security staff at the reception area. We were told that the hotel gets a lot of Government officials staying there.The lobby is lovely and looks rather impressive with a large Chandelier. The rooms were pretty average and what you would expect from the standard hotel. We felt that the room we stayed in (3rd floor) was a little tired and could do with sprucing up. I am quite allergic and sneezed a lot in our room- my sure sign of dust lurking. They did give us a bunch of red roses and also a cake to congratulate us on our wedding- which was nice.Service was good and the food in the restaurants was of a good standard- though as is the case in most Indian hotels you pay a lot for such standards.Overall pleaseant stay- not bad a a stop over hotel.	
Dec 4 2008 	i love this hotel stay and enjoy alot	Room Amenities: The hotel has round 100 villa rooms in Portuguese-Goanese design all air conditioned and set in beautifully landscaped gardens. All the villas are elegantly appointed, have international direct dial facility,music, cable TV, Room service and laundry serviceDining: For the foodie there is The Banyan Tree serving Thai and Chinese cuisine; The Beach House for Continental, Indian and Goan cuisine and Caravela the bar.Hotel Facilities: Other facilities provided by the hotel includes a fitness centre, swimming pool, indoor and outdoor games, travel desk, car rental, shopping arcade, currency exchange, doctor-on-call and baby sitting. Meeting and banquet facilities are also available	
Nov 29 2008	Nice clubrooms reason to stay here	Took a club room, a very good buy. Newly renovated, beautyfull bathrooms, seperate shaower and tub, shower with rainforrest shower head. All in black marbel. Beds nice , duveets and pillows wonderfull. The butlerservice comes with the room, check in in the room, and fresh juice at arrival. The club lounge ok, free drinks and internet.The service in the italian restaurant not always that good, but as clubbenefit, you can take breakfast in the lounge. But in the restaurant the service was sometimes grumpy, sometimes very sloppy- and at times very good. The food fine. The poolarea ok, the beautysalon with good service.If we hadn't had a club room , we had no reason to come back - but its closer to the airport than some of the others..	
Nov 27 2008 	5 star service 5 star price	You get exactly what you would expect from a hotel like this. Top service, impeccable room, high prices. Must be one of the better hotels in the city.The level of service is in fact a bit over the top: someone to turn on the tap for you in the public washroom to wash your hands and hand you a fresh towel; staff do not give directions here, they take you all the way where you want to go; at receptions, you will be offered something to eat or drink about every thirty seconds, making it almost impossible to hold a conversation with anyone; everybody greets you, even the workers painting the halls, etc. After a few days, I could barely take it anymore. But I can hardly complain, I guess.Bed sheets were wonderful; the room, impeccably clean. The main Indian restaurant had great food, highly recommended. The European restaurant is where breakfast is served. Always some Indian food available for breakfast which was great. The rest of the breakfast was fine, but not extraordinary.Location is not that great. Hard to walk anywhere interesting. Taxis are cheap and readily available at any time, so that makes it easier to go somewhere.No surprise on the price either: it is expensive.My meetings where at the hotel for four days, so I did not have much choice. Not sure I would come back though if I were on my own though. I thought everything was a bit too much for my own taste. Something a little more casual might just feel a bit more real.	
Nov 17 2008 	expomania	The taj palace at delhi is an exotic hotel with all the luxurious facilities one can even wonder of be it the spa, gym or swimming pool. the restaraunts offers a multi-cuisine buffet with all the delicious dishes from around the world. the attractive ambience of this place keeps you adhered to it and would surely make you stay more than you would ave expected to .	
Nov 11 2008 	Not that great really	We stayed twice at the Taj Palace for two days each time in Nov 2008 . We were in the ordinary rooms on the third floor. The room was OK nothing special. The rate for this room was 19000 a night plus [ very considerable] taxes - thats expensive anywhere for what you get here.The hotel is in the middle of the diplomatic enclave and armed troops and security guards are everywhere. Its a long way from other places to go or eat. We found the service like other reviewers have a bit too attentive, it starts to get on your nerves after a while though most of the staff are very nice if a little &quot;give me a tip&quot; oriented.The food is poor not to say terrible . We tried the Indian Restaurant and it was the worst and most expensive Indian meal we had in a month in India. No pappadums for example and dry tastless biryanni.The buffet breakfast is average for this standard of hotel - no special touches as you find in other similarly priced hotels. They run out of everything [ grilled tomatoes for example] all the time and it takes forever and 10 requests before they fill the dishes back up. Best of luck if you want an egg with your breakfast - three staff stood in front of the egg chef filling in forms when I tried - it seems you have to get a member of the waiting staff to get an egg for you as you are just ignored if you stand there.We tried the same restaurant at night for a buffet meal - but where they cook the main course to order for you. As at breakfast its completely chaotic. You have no idea who is supposed to be serving you. Knives and forks are nowhere to be seen and are mostly missing from the table . Our waiter &quot;cleaned&quot; the table by giving me a used a stained place mat and ignored the crumbs and bits of food laying on the surface. He and the myriad of layers of different kinds of waiters watching were completey unfazed when I took a cloth and cleaned up the table myself.We ordered the main courses specifically to be mild. When they came they made the hottest mexican dish seem like milk shakes - they were mind blowingly spicy. The lamb dish came as straggly little bits of meat with lots of little bones in it - really truly awful food.We were offered replacement dishes when we said we could not eat the main courses. I ordered a rissotto with prawns which was microwaved to the point of explosion making the prawns like bits of car tyre and my wifes so called French onion soup was thin and small.The raita was the worst I tasted in India - there was no chutney at all for the over spicy pappadums.All in all it was very poor l food and chaotic untrained service..We had booked at the hotels flagship restaurant which is in a replica carriage of the Orient Express and so named. Its $100 a head minimum but our experience with the rest of the food over 6 meals was so bad that we cancelled the booking. The bar service is equally bizarre and annoying. There is a nice seating area outside the reception.near the pool area. We sat there and asked if they had diet tonic for the G and T's as the full fat is too sweet and full of calories. No they did not have it. OK two Bacardis and diet cokes please. Five minutes later the waiter came back to say they could not serve that drink there. He offered us whisky or brandy or wine but claimed thay were not allowed to serve a bacardi and coke there - and we would have to move indoors to the Orient Express bar to obtain that drink. We did not want to drink in the inside bars as the ac is set to Alaska levels and its freezing cold and it was a pleasant evening to be outdoors. Why on earth the waiter could not go and get us the drinks and serve them where we sat was never explained. We spoke to one of the the hotels charming hostesses who greet you or arrival about this incident but she clearly had no idea why this was and she seemingly had no influence over the hordes of differently garbed bar staff most of whom appear to do nothing at all. We went inside for our drinks. Stay somewhere else for this money. Our guides told us the Imperial has much better food. Or save money and stay at the Amber where we also stayed during this trip and which we have reviewed on here.	
Nov 10 2008	Not a 5-star experience	Stayed in a suite in a non-club floor. Room was spacious and well-appointed. Liked having a separate dressing area. The bathroom was not up to par for a luxury hotel. Although it is reasonably sized with separate tub &amp; shower, it is lacking in several areas. First, it looks incredibly dated (70's style). The water temperature was very erratic: shower took 5-10 minutes to get warm, but tub was warm instantly. THe drain pipes are too small, so the shower fills up with several inches of standing water while your wait for hot water. The toilet makes gurgling sounds after flushing. The maintenance staff agreed that the drain pipes are insufficient.Overall, service is generally attentive, but somewhat erratic. The breakfast buffet is fairly chaotic: just getting coffee is a 5-10 minute process &amp; the rest of the food is okay. Had generally good service at the front desk until checkout. The credit card company required a call (as often happens when using your card for a large charge in a developing nation). The clerk said that nothing could be done &amp; insisted that we call the credit company ourselves. Not exactly 5-star service. After some prodding he finally called the credit card company &amp; everything went through.I would probably not stay at this hotel again. Rooms are overpriced for what you get. However, I did become a convert of the Taj Group after staying at several of their palace hotels in Rajasthan. So, I would look for a smaller or newer property.	
Nov 5 2008	i love the service and presentation	i and my husband returned from my husbands friend house we saw the hotel the Hotel is very magnificient and we have never experienced never before. it was so lovely to see.	
Oct 29 2008 	Overpriced.Will not stay here again.	It was for a conference that we chose this hotel because special rates were available.However, we were told those rooms were full so a more expensive room was proposed although the conference organizers insisted the rooms were still available.We were promised we would be downgraded if possible!It took 4 phone calls 24 hours before arrival to reconfirm my reservation.The 800 numbers I called didn't know about my reservation even though I had a confirmation number.The emails got returned as undeliverable.I was told to call direct to the hotel with a paid phone .It wasted 45-50 minutes the night before our departure from Paris.Pickup at the airport was quick.The staff is nice and friendly.Room smelled of tobacco,looked very old with an old TV.No wired internet,wireless internet you have to pay for.It worked okay the first day but then there was no signal.Someone came to my room and tried to check my laptop settings,he couldn't really tell why the signal was unavailable or low but thought it was due to outside interference.Toilets are too high otherwise okay.Food is very expensive and the hotel is far from any alternative food outlets.Staff presence: they hover around you at every step though you don't have to tip.Its just not very comfortable.Overall the hotel might have been a five star in the past but needs some changes now.You have to pay for using the business center as well.Fitness center very ordinary.I have traveled a lot and stayed at better hotels which were less expensive.,(usually in the US or Western Europe).Overall, overpriced. Need upgrades in amenities,downgrading in 5-star status	
Aug 9 2008 	Nice hotel service too attentive	We stayed on the club floor of the Taj Palace hotel. The rooms were nice and clean. We booked a hotel car from the airport and that went very smoothly. The driver was waiting for us as soon as we came out of customs. Check in was quite smooth. However, the service was too attentive. Every time I turned around, someone was hovering. I was also called multiple times (even after do not disturb light was on) to review the hotel!	
Aug 5 2008	Staff stereotypes visitors	I have been staying at the Taj for a year now as a long term guest. The hotel has begun to stereotyping all female guests that come to visit. Having a girlfriend that works in a 5 star hotel she has been coming to visit for a year now. Every time she comes they treat her with a lack of dignity and respect. She is appalled at the way they treat people and said she does not understand how they still function as a five star hotel.There is a large group of people I work with that all stay at the Taj. Every one of them has had problems with the security staff.	
Aug 3 2008 	Superb Service	From the start when I landed into Delhi International Airport [name of airport] to be received from the Taj Driver AND the Guest Relations Manager at 1am, that there was something special about this property and its service. We arrived in a standard car to be greeted at the door with exceptional quality service from the Guest Relations team who knew my name and also somehow worked out that I was very tired and I wanted little hassle to get to the room.I was guided to my room without any formality as it was to be taken care of in the room by my welcoming butler. I was upgraded non-the-less to the Taj Club and the service was beyond expectation.I felt royal, important and secure – the team at this property are the best I have ever experienced in all my years of travel.The room was appointed with the best quality fittings and in India where 5 star is a highly competitive arena – this Taj Property has got it right.The bed was luxurious, the mini bar reasonably priced, the food at the restaurants stunning. For a business hotel, this is the one to stay at – the room rate was around Rs. 11,000 (USD$250) a night so the value for money is certainly being served up to you as a guest.This is the only hotel to stay in New Delhi in my opinion.Pros: Service, Attentive staff, Great food, great little mini-golf course out back!Cons – None that I can think of	
Jul 26 2008 	Exceptional service at Taj makes you feel that you alone are staying in hotel	Taj group hotels are excellent by local standards but north american travellers may not find these exceptional in terms of interiors of the hotel.However, it is the service at Taj Palace which makes it stand apart compared to most north american hotels.Though not like a king but the prompt service makes you feel that you are the only person staying in the hotel.Also those who love to eat, food is excellent and buffet breakfast is very unique.	
Jul 6 2008 	A bit tired	The restaurant service is good, typical of most Indian establishments. Rooms and hallways are a bit tired, and in need of a major upgrade (and soon!) particularly at the price the rooms are offered. Staff courteous.	
May 15 2008	My favourite hotel in Delhi	This hotel is by far my favourite in Delhi. Though a little out the city, the atmosphere and rooms are superb and offer real luxury.Unfortunately, its pricing has forced it out of my budget, but if I were looking to pay that sort of price, this would be my choice. Rooms are great, restaurants welcoming and staff (as you would expect from Taj) are delightful.	
May 15 2008 	Reasonable Hotel	I only stayed for one night at the Taj Palace on a very fleeting visit, so I can not provide a particulary indepth review. However, the only negative thing I would mention is that it is starting to look just a little bit tired...but only a little.The staff were all very friendly and helpful and the room comfortable and fairly spacious. It contained the usuals you would expect to find in a superior hotel, complimentary toiletries, fruit and chocolates. It makes a good airport hotel as it is only a 15 minute drive away. Not so good if you are looking to have shops, hustle and bustle near by as the area seemed quite quiet.There is a reasonable sized outdoor swimming pool, which alas I had no time to use but it looked most inviting!This hotel won't knock you off your feet but you will have a perfectly pleasant and comfortable stay.	
May 10 2008 	Great hotel	arrived at hotel after long flight from newark..immediately escorted to club floor, and spacious suite. room , like lobby,was beautiful, amenties included snacks on arrival, robes, free happy hour in private lounge nightly. business centre facilities and staff were great. hospitality of staff exceptionally good...we were greeted at every turn by a friendly helpful person. breakfast buffet was enormous and of good variety. hotel restaurants were first class...esp good service in chinese restaurant. overall a very very very good stay	
May 8 2008 	Too many problems for the price	The Hotel had a lot of problems for the price.1. They tried to charge for a airport pickup when I had arranged my own. I had too argue with them about this.2. Noisy renovations kept me up when I first arrived when I had a long flight and was trying to rest. Rattled the glasses on the desk.3. They couldn't fiqure out how to link two reservations and wanted me out when I was staying longer.4. The front office woke me up at 1:00am over some trival subject.Good points 1. Nice gym and workout area2. Good food at the Oreint Express	
Mar 23 2008	one night stop over	We stayed one night at the Taj palace at the start of a weeks tour. The hotel doesn't look that great from the outside - a dit dated but the lobby is quite spectacular. When we arrived the hotel was fully booked with a conference and very busy which meant the service wasn't really that great. We needed lunch and the only place we could find to sit was by the pool, we waited a very long time to get served and the order was wrong which they quickly rectified. The room was ok, we had twin beds unfortunately. not particularly spacious and the decor non-descript but it was clean, one couple on the tour stayed in a club room and that sounded much better.We ate at the indian restaurant which was excellent, the service was very good and the waiters very helpful and keen to tell us about what we were eating, we asked to share a starter and they gave us two huge portions for the price of one and a free desert when we weren't going to have one. The bhuna ghost was lovely.All in all we were a little disappointed, we had thought this was supposed to be one of the best hotels in Delhi but i wouldn't say it was 5 star, it could do with a bit of updating and the pool area wasn't that great. We were supposed to go back there at the end of the tour but instead flew to Goa from Jaipur and were quite glad we didn't have to go back.	
Mar 15 2008 	A property in decline	This is the second time I've stayed at the Taj Palace, but the first time was nearly two years ago. I thought it was a low risk choice however as last time wasn't too bad, but it has definitely declined.Check InWas swift, but their computer systems were down at the time so we didn't know if I got my room choice until we got in and could &quot;smell&quot; whether it was really a non-smoking room. Fortunately it was!RatesToo high... but then, hotels in Delhi are all very expensiveRoomSmall. Mine had new carpet (could still smell the glue) and new furniture but old TV and a bed that hadn't had a new mattress since the English got the boot. Tiny bathroom. An unusual complaint is that the toilet was too high off the ground. (I know, bad visual) but this was quite uncomfortable! Cheap shower curtain meant that the bathroom floor was usually wet.&quot;Bathroom smells&quot; passed into the room from adjacent rooms. Very annoying.GymWAY TOO SMALL! About 5 or 6 treadmills (lifefitness), 1 old lifefitness elliptcal and one new one, 2 bikes. At peak times the cardio gym was completely full with people waiting. The weight machines in the weight gym were obviously purchased by a purchasing guy who was trying to save money and while they are good quality, the &quot;set&quot; is incomplete, i.e. a quadricep machine, but no hamstring machine, etc.... as if only half of the requirement was purchased. With 4 guys in the weight gym it starts feeling very crowdedFoodAverage.Breakfast in coffee shop is a quite limited buffet and I sat outside one morning and was disturbed by a strong smell of human faeces coming from the nearby drain.Room service was prompt and efficient. Food was tasty.ServiceTypical for India. A few aggressively nice women working reception and in the lobby as a greeting function and no-one else really cared. Took about 5 tries over the first 2 of 4 days to train the restaurant staff how to make a good Caffe Latte. Still, each one seemed to take 1/2 hour! As per a few of the earlier reviews, the usual was handled well, the new or challenging was hardly handled at all. Delhi is frustrating and I'm about to draw the conclusion that there are no good hotels there. The Shangri-La is the only major hotel there that I haven't tried... so it must be the only good one, as the Taj just doesn't cut it... like most of the others - especially when the rate is over $500/night.	
Mar 3 2008 	Below par	I chose the Taj Palace after reading the TripAdvisor reports. Many reviews were very positive - a number critical. On balance I thought the Taj Palace would be a good choice.It wasn't - the hotel is very expensive - the rooms old and well overdue for a renovation, although there are some that have been renovated they weren't on offer to me. The rooms are average in size, the walls thin which meant that noise travelled. The food equally expensive and average. The hotel is well away from the attractions of Delhi. The service was inconsistent, ranging from above average to plain ordinary. Simple requests were well handled, anything more complex or requiring a decision was impossible. I was less than impressed with a hotel that charges top dollar by any standard and falls short on what it delivers. Intuitively there must be better choices - look elsewhere.	
Feb 20 2008 	A great disappointment	A hotel that charges a premium (in a low cost country) but fails to deliver. Yes, the rooms and the public areas are what you would expect from a 5 star hotel, but the attitude of the staff seemed to be how best can we separate our guests from their cash. There seemed to be no ability by staff to make decisions - everything was done by the rule book - and generally with no flexibility. Hospitality and graciousness were lacking. You left feeling &quot;used and abused&quot;.Very questionable price value.	
Feb 8 2008 	Excellent service	Incredible service from everyone. The staff are immensly well trained and are extremely coutreous. The in service dining staff even make sure the food was well prepared and to your satisfaction an hour after you are served!!!The rooms are a bit tired and unless you have work in the diplomatic area, too far from most sights. The service no doubt makes up for alot though	
Jan 14 2008 	Nice hotel great service	I stayed at the Taj Palace for a day in June 2007. The check in process was smooth and fast. The room was about average in size but was decently appointed, though a bit frayed at the edges. The hotel was in the process of being refurbished. I wish they did not put off the refurbishment for so long! I used the room service and found the food to be good. The restraunt in the hotel is a fine one and my guests really appreciated it too.	
Jan 7 2008 	nice hotel	The Taj Palace in New Delhi is a very comfortable hotel, with a few quirks. We booked 2 club rooms for a three day stay. Our rooms were rather small, but had been freshly updated with modern decor. There's an extensive and varied breakfast buffet, and snacks in the club lounge from 4 till 8 pm. The staff is very polite and attentive, but strangely uninformed; the concierge was unable to provide us either with alternative places to eat in the area, nor with any information about local tours of Delhi. Also, there's no information in the rooms about what is included in the Club Room price, and the receptionist didn't seem to know. The quirks? There are no clocks in the rooms, though the staff did manage to find a cheap alarm clock for us to use when we asked. The bathrooms are separated from the rooms by a wall of glass. There are shades that can be lowered, but these provide only an illusion of privacy - at night, especially, everything can be seen through the shades. This may be OK for couples that aren't shy, but was rather disconcerting for our opposite-sex teenagers who were sharing a room.	
Jan 6 2008 	Great hotel	Cannot fault this hotel at all. Very nice rooms and common areas and staff always polite, coureous and attentive. Staff always greet you nomatter if busy. When contacted hotel to confirm booking they had wrongdates but said it would be fixed. When we actually arrived the wrong dates were still entered however this was fixed quickly - may have been the travel agent's mistake, who know.There is a great selection of restaurants and places to hang out inside the hotel. Always a great atmosphere. Great to tourists or business travellers. Room service is to die for as it arrived in a silver trolley. The waiter, wearing white gloves, laid out the table in the room and served the food. He even offered to pour the tea and put the sugar in. Amazing attention to detail.Great location. Would definately stay there again.	
Jan 6 2008 	Great Hotel but some rooms need urgent renovation	We (a family of four) stayed at this Hotel for three night in total in Dec 2007 and Jan 2008, at the beginning and the end of a trip in Rajasthan.The first two nights, we stayed on the Club Floor (floor seven) and we enjoyed nice a spacious rooms, well equipped. On Jan 02, 2008, we stayed one night on floor three, where unfortunately the good memory we had from our previous stay instantly vanished at the sight of the worn out state of the rooms. The cleanliness was good, but you could tell that these rooms were oldish and needed renovation. We were disappointed.The staff was always very helpful and warm, attending to our needs. The lobby was great and luxurious contrasting with the rooms somehow.During our first stay, we were invited to share champagne with the floor manager (Club floor) and share our comments. Breakfast was very good, but we did not try the other restaurants nested in the hotel as they were quite expensive for a family of four.The location was good too, about 20 minutes from the international airport and 10 minutes from the city centre.If we ever go back, we will make sure that we stay in one of the refurbished rooms (but surely this bears a cost).	
Dec 29 2007 	A very good business hotel	I stayed here for over a week, and was overall very pleased.The room was spacious and very tastefully furnished, with plenty of complimentaryfood, mineral water, and amenities included. The spa and gym are extremely nice --one of the best I have experienced at a business hotel.There is certainly a lot of hotel service. From the hotel door to your room you will encounter a half-dozen (at least) staff who will ask you how things are, and whether anything can be improved. The staff provided me with a lot of timely help -- they brought things up to the room, made inquiries on my behalf, explained the use of appliances in the room. It is also true that sometimes their interest in helping was not matched by ability -- in a few cases, they seemed to be just reading from a script. This was particularly true in the restaurant, where staff would sometimes forget orders, or nod eagerly but misunderstand them.The number of &quot;feedback requests&quot; you get is oddly high, but I do have the impression that this hotel will continue to improve because of them.The hotel is not near any attractions -- you will require a cab to get anywhere. But I'm not sure there is a better location -- you cannot easily stroll in Delhi even if you are close enough to your destination.One of the things that may be confusing to travelers (I think it is reflected in the mixed reviews) is that although the public areasare very opulent, this is not a luxury hotel but rather more like a good business hotel (e.g. Marriott). The rooms are pleasant, but the walls between rooms can be a bit thin. Like a business hotel, they tend to overcharge for many extras (e.g. wifi, business services)-- actually, by overcharge, I mean that they charge exactly what I would pay in a business hotel in europe or the US. There is a travel desk which is really helpful with bookings -- something particularly important in India; they can solve train and air problems, book tickets, and arrange a car with driver. But they could not recommend or arrange tours or provide any useful advise on holiday issues. I have stayed in very few proper hotels in India, so I cannot say how this compares to the competition. ButI was happy to get to a place that was comfortable, run professionally, and where everything worked. The other hotel guests I met during my stay --- mostly business people -- felt the same. As long as you are not looking (or paying) for something more deluxe, this is a good choice.	
Dec 28 2007	One of the best in the world	India is both beautiful and maddening. One of the best decisions I made when travelling there was booking this hotel. The service provided by the hotel is absolutely outstanding. From the check in right in your room, a great quiet room with internet, 24 hour room service with excellent selection and good food, fitness centre, and most especially the travel desk, every aspect of this hotel is near perfect. The travel desk alone is worth its weight in gold. Air India cancelled two of my flights (careful when flying out of Delhi with all the fog in December). The rude AI agent at the airport brushed me off, so I came back to the hotel and they sorted everything out. Their rep will even meet you in the airport to help you check in at no extra cost. Pay the extra money and stay in the Taj Club: it is well worth the extra pampering.Minor quibbles are that you pay for internet and the hotel is less centrally located. Nevertheless, I would stay again without hesitation.	
Dec 25 2007 	Worst Hotel Stay for the price	Having stayed in more hotels then I can count, I have to say that for the price paid to stay at the Taj in Delhi it was horrible!Service was horrid from arrival all the way till check out. The room was older then myself and not updated since. Food was average and nothing more. After traveling to the Taj Mahal with friends and kids in tow we stayed at the Trident Hilton in Agra, which was a wonderful hotel in all aspects. Great for kids, the service was wonderful, what you would expect. The Taj in Delhi on the other hand for all of us was a 2 star for the price of a 5 star.....	
Dec 23 2007 	Receptinist is NOT a Taj hotel standard	I was invited to stayed at Taj Palace for four nights.The Interior of this hotel is definitely the Taj hotels standard.The Lobby is very spacious and fabulous with a lot of Indian paints on the display. Club floor room is also the Taj standard,with all the ammenities you would expect for a five star hotel.BUT the Recepetionist are NOT the Taj hotels standard. They are NOT helpful when I ask them the location of the shop to buy saree for my wife. I handed him a copy of newspaperad of a saree shop and I asked him the best way to go there.His reply was' You can take a taxi ' He did not show any intention of showing a map or asking someone eise for more information.I would not complain this sort of thing if it were not a Taj hotel. Hoping to check it soon.	
Dec 16 2007	Stay Away Unless you Like Rats in Room	Stayed there after great experience with another Taj Hotel. Stayed on the Club floor and paid over $1,000 US for two nights in a very small room. The staff was very pleasant and well meaning, but you can tell a hotel when it comes to handing problems. At 1:30 am while working on my computer, a big, fat and obviously well feed rat scurried around the floor in my room and then into the bathroom. When I called the floor desk, they were helpful in moving me but no apologies and nothing from the manager. I then e-mailed the hotel after I left, along with Taj management offices and no responses. I am sorry, but if there is one big rat on the seventh floor (where they have some sort of food facility due to the club room), then there are likely more rats. It was not only amazing to me that I paid so much for a rat infested room, but the fact that there we no apology or even acknowledgment of my issue is really telling. I can understand a hotel can have an occasional problem, but to not even respond tot he guest is not acceptable. I have stayed at great hotels all over the world and this I the first time I had to deal with a rat infested room.	
Oct 28 2007 	perfect service rooms need updating	the rooms are nothing to write home about, I didn't even bother to take photos as other reviewers' photos are representative of the state of the rooms, comfortable but worn out (i.e. carpet stains, dated bathroom)but all of that aside the hotel 's service was the best of the 3 hotels I stayed at on this trip (Oberoi Agra &amp; Samode Haveli in Jaipur being the other two) the travel desk (a lovely girl called Amrita) took care of my whole trip from train tickets to car pick up (airport, agra to Jaipur with sights along the way incl fatehpur sikri), plane tickets from Jaipur to Delhi &amp; etc, everything was seamless and response was quick, she even gave me her direct line as she saw me off in the morning for my local taxi to the delhi to agra train in case anything went wrongthe check in process was also painless, was greeted the moment the car arrived in the driveway &amp; ushered to the room for a quick in room check in + welcome tea + snackslike I said the rooms were a bit on the old side but the hotel lobby itself was fine (reminded me of the Mandarin in Bangkok)would I come back again? yes, if not for the hotel then at least for the efficient help from the travel desk	
Oct 23 2007 	You want customer service? You've got it here!	We stayed here for one night before heading off to Agra..and what a hotel it is.Beautiful, elegant, friendly and the customer service is second to none. When we checked in we were upgraded - for no reason, had breakfast thrown in for free - for no reason and complimentary champagne delivered in our room - for no reason! The staff were incredibly friendly and the hotel was stunning. Set in a good location, about a ten minute drive to the centre of Delhi. The grounds were neat and pretty and the pool was a good size and clean. The lobby and restaurants were of ample size and if ever we needed to stay in a hotel in Delhi again it would be this one over the Imperial, Shangrila and Oberoi any day.	
Aug 26 2007 	'Yes it's fine please stop asking for feedback all the time!'	Spent a weekend here in August 2007. The hotel is absolutely fine and I'd stay here again. If you look in the dictionary under 'anonymous international five star hotel' you'll find something like this.Two things to be aware of though. The first is that the hotel is being refurbished - at the moment they are on the sixth floor, and construction is a thirteen hour a day, seven days a week job. They did mention this to me when I checked in, and with hindsight I should have moved rooms when they offered, because I was just downstairs from the drilling. Though if they knew this, why was I put there in the first place? So I'd just check on how the refurbishment is going before you book, and make sure you get a room away from the work.Also try to avoid the rooms overlooking the hotel entrance. Buses park there with engines and A/Cs running, waiting for tour groups. Indian A/Cs aren't the quietest, and they certainly disturbed my sleep, which was a shame as the hotel is in an otherwise very quiet location.Secondly, it felt like wherever I went in the hotel I was constantly asked what I thought of it. It gets difficult after a while to think of nice things to say, when you really want to say you'd much rather be left alone. They even sent me a detailed questionnaire by email afterwards to ask for even more feedback.When I got home to Mumbai, one of my friends who works in the (non-Taj) hotel where I used to live told me the Taj he used to work in had a competition with the Palace to see who could collect the most feedback. Not surprisingly he prefers his new hotel as he doesn't have to constantly pester his guests.Finally though, I would recommend the Masala Art restaurant - by far the best Indian meal I've had since moving to India. And no feedback requested either! They probably already know they're good.	
Aug 4 2007 	Excellent in all aspects	Stayed for 5 days, and from the time you meet up with their Guy at the Airport Pickup, you experience the Service : which is of the highest level. The facilities both in-room and at cafe's and other venues within the hotel match the service as well. I get the feeling that the staff in all categories give the highest priority to Customer Service.They are willing to do the extra bit to make your stay comfortable.The food is also great. The only negative comment that I can make is that of the environment around it - there is no shopping opportunity within short walking distance, but on the positive site the hotel is located in the Diplomatic Enclave which makes it a safe venue. Additionally the hotel cab service (Rs. 50++ Per km, 1Hr Min Charge Rs.500) does a great job - so you can visit any place without any risk. The Drivers also speak basic English, carry cellphones etc which ensures that your drive is perfect as your stay.	
Jun 26 2007 	Impeccable Service	I stayed in the Taj Palace for three nights whilst in New Delhi on business. The service at this hotel is extremely good and cannot be faulted. I was offered complimentary ice cream and coffee with my meal last night and on arrival I was upgraded to a &quot;club&quot; room. The staff go out of their way to be helpful and everyone (without exception) is extremely courteous and polite. My room on the seventh floor had a very good view over the city including the india gate and the immediate area surrounding the hotel is green and pleasant. The main downsides to this hotel are that it is starting to look a little tired on the outside and the bathrooms and the spa are not 5 star quality (although at 220$ per night perhaps the rack rate reflects this). My bathroom in a club room was small and cramped and the fittings are probably at least 5 years old. Similalry the showers and toilets in the spa could do with being updated. Other things to be aware of: in Delhi a 25% tax is added to the room rate and 12.5% to all food and spa prices and 20% for alcohol so the overall experience is not as good value as you might originally anticipate; and you cannot really walk to anywhere from this hotel.	
Jun 22 2007 	They Call This Place a Palace??	The Taj Palace may have been a luxury resort....in the 1980's! This hotel is so outdated and the decorations are so antiquated that I felt I had been taken transported back to the 80's. Whoever defines this place as luxurious has not been to a five star hotel in the past ten years. This hotel is certainly not a five star hotel, especially by today's standards. Its no better than an average Hilton or Marriot in any other city. I was very disapointed by my stay at the Taj Palace because I had heard so many good things about the place, but after having stayed at several Oberoi Resorts and other hotels in Delhi, it doesn't hold a finger in comparison. The service is not outstanding. In fact during my stay they notified me that they would be doing construction on the floor above us that would begin at 9 am. We asked if we could be switched to another room but was told that they were full, doubtful. The noise from the construction was atrocious. I've been at front row rock n' roll concerts and have been able to hear more clearly than I did at 9 am in my hotel room at the Taj Palace. The woman behind the desk apologized but that did very little. The hotel should be embarassed that they would subject any guests to such conditions. This is no hotel for those in search of a luxury or even a &quot;nice&quot; hotel. However, for families and people traveling on a budget I think the hotel would certainly suffice. The bottom line was that I was highly embarassed to have suggested this hotel to the group of people I was staying with especially after I had picked so many spectacular hotels like the Oberoi in Agra. It was a mistake and I would not return.	
Jun 8 2007 	Taj Palace needs a reality check	There is an indifferent and sometimes absent hotel management response to long stay customers who object to constant construction noise. The food menus rarely change, and for the most part, the food is not good value for money.	
May 3 2007 	Loved the Taj Palace	This is an excellent hotel, the service, the food and the ambiance are all amazing. We arrived in Delhi at 3:00AM therefore, we weren't allowed into our room right away. But the night manager leveled with us and said if we pay the rate for a regular room for that night he would give us a room on the club floor for the duration of our stay, and it was definitely worth it! The only bad thing I can say about the hotel was that my sister and I were mildly electrically shocked by two different socket in our room, it wasn't too serious, but it did leave us both a little frazzled, the Manager on duty immediately sent the hotel doctor up to see us, and changed our room right away, and were were transfered into a suit. The food at this hotel is great, the breakfast is the best I have had anywhere in the world, and the service is just beyond amazing. The entertainment at dinner was also great, we had a singer named Sebastian who was really nice and had a great voice. If you have a chance, try out the spa, we had a massage and scrub done and it was fabulous. Overall, we had a great stay at the Taj Palace!	
May 2 2007 	Pleasant Stay	I stayed at the Taj Palace hotel on April 22nd while transitting through Delhi. The hotel staff were pleasant and professional as is to be expected from a 5 star property. I had booked a pick up and drop to and from the airport which was helpful. The room and bathroom were smaller than I expected but had all amenities. Bottled water and coffee maker were complimentary. I was put up on the fifth floor and although it was quiet throughout the night the noise started early in the morning and stayed through the day. When I complained it was explained that the hotel was renovating the sixth floor hence the noise. The noise was horrendous. It was load banging and I felt that the floor was going to come through. The hotel did agree to change my room for the rest of the day but as I was checking out later that day it was not worth it. The hotel itself was beautiful and the room service was excellent but the renovation really spoilt my stay. I had stayed at the Imperial last year and found that hotel to be better with more history and wonderfu artwork. If anyone is already booked at the Taj make sure you are not on the fifth floor or seventh floor. Apart from that the hotel was very good.	
Apr 4 2007 	Excellent choice	This hotel is clearly one of the best in Delhi. While we were there, the hotel was hosting a conference for VIPs around the region. It was definately disconserting to be frisked upon entering the hotel and the guards with rifles on the roof, front gate and entry were distracting to say the least. However, the hotel upgraded my family to a lovely suite with a connecting room for our kids. The restaurants were first rate as was the pool and health club! We were trated very well. If I were to complain about anything, besides the armed guards, it would be that the electronic systems for lights iand showers in the rooms were way to complex! Having said that, it's a great hotel.	
Mar 31 2007 	FANTASTIC Service and Hotel -- A great last night in India	My family of 6 stayed here for our last night in India. We had just come from a week trip on the Palace on Wheels and arrived at 8:00 a.m. in the morning. They were able to get us into a room at 9:30 a.m. (2 1/2 hours earlier than normal check in). We had 3 rooms and they placed us all on the same floor next to each other. We had a staff person come up for each room and show us the amenities of the room. We were extremely impressed. They even sent up complimentary cappucino and juice as a welcome gesture. The rooms were nice, not huge (like the Ambassador) but were comfortable). The service definitely made up for it.We wanted to have dinner at 6:30 since we had to leave at 3 am to catch our flight. They normally id not open that early for dinner, but made the arrangement for us to eat early. We ate at the tea house and would highly recommend it. The decor of the restauraunt is fantastice (very chinese). The food was delicious and they even brought our a complimentary cake when they found my parents were celebrating their 40th anniversary and this was our last night. They took our picture with a polaroid and even put it in a frame. The service was outstanding!As for the front desk and reception area, you could always find help. When we wanted to go shopping, one of the attendants (Rita) recommended we rent a taxi for the day (which I highly recommend). For 5 hours, she negotiated a rate for us which was 500 ruppees (about $12). She gave us pointers and was very attentive.My husband used the facilities -- pool, sauna, steam room, massage. It was a great experience for him. The massage was not too expensive, but well worth it. The locker area is separated for both men and women and there is a nice jacuzzi and steam room.Even when we left at 3 a.m. there seemed to be a full staff on duty. Overall, we LOVED this hotel and would highly recommend it. It was a bit pricey, but we thought it was well worth it.	
Mar 20 2007 	First stay in India	Booked the Taj via Castle and King as part of one of their tours. Lovely hotel, room was clean, staff helpful and friendly, and food superb, particularly in the Masala art restaurant. Would definitely recommend.	
Mar 5 2007	Very pleasant	Stayed for one night on Feb 25th, 2007. Based on comments in Frommers, which did not place this hotel into their recommended list of 5-star hotels in Delhi, was prepared for a so-so experience. Instead was pleasantly surprised to find the level of service and the facilities at the hotel to be truly first class. Given the choice, would probably still rather stay at the Oberoi, but this hotel is not far behind.	
Feb 27 2007 	Long Stay - Great Experience	I stayed in this hotel for nearly 2 months and I would definitely recommend it to anyone travelling to Delhi.The hotel is well staffed and has 4 restaurants, 1 bar and a lounge. It has a fairly large, well maintained swimming pool as well as gym facilities.During my stay, the hotel hosted a number of conferences and weddings, but it never seemed over-crowded or too busy.The rooms aren't massive but are big enough and the room keeping staff do a spectacular job.If you want something special, say extra water bottles each day, it is a good idea to have a chat to your room keeping staff, or if this is not possible, leave then a note with 100-200 rupees enclosed stating your request.A few of my colleagues had problems with their room bill - I didn't - so make sure you take a note of everything you charge to the room.The interent is expensive, so if you are staying for longer than a few days, make sure you ask about discounts for a wireless connection in your room for use with your laptop.The hotel is V-shaped around the swimming pool. Even numbered rooms face towards the road and entrance drive and can get the traffic noise. It's not too loud but may annoy some people. The odd numbered rooms face out onto the pool and although the view is better, they can be very noisy late into the night, when the hotel is hosting a function/wedding.If you are staying for a long time, or require additional space, ask about the availability of a corner room, which are almost double the size for the same price.The hotel uses swipe cards as access keys to the room. Make sure you get 2 and keep them away from your mobile phone, which has the ability to interfer with the magnetically stored information on the cards. Most people will have a problem with their access card during their stay, it seems never ending sometimes, but the hotel are usually pretty quick to send up someone with a new card.The hotel is in the diplomatic quarter, so at least a 15min drive from anything you might want to see or do. There is nothing within walking distance, so don't stay here if you were hoping to walk to India Gate or Old Delhi! Taxi cabs are readily available and if you can afford them, expensive hotel cars work around the clock.	
Feb 16 2007	spring for club level!	the newly renovated club level is simply to die for. as a frequent traveler, I was bowled over by the level of service at check in and check out and the renovation of a business friendly, yet fun and comfortable room on the club level. Only issue we ran into was the fact we arrived a bit late for breakfast and the staff there was not at all pleased....that was a bummer for the price we were paying, special dining area or not. other than that HIGHLY recommend.	
Jan 28 2007 	Five Star Service all the way	I stayed at the Taj Palace ten years ago, and thought it was okay -- nothing special. Now I'm actually AT the Taj Palace right now and I am overwhelmed with how wonderful the service is. I am staying in a club level room, and that is well worth the upgrade. You get free breakfast where you can order anything you like, you get butler service that makes you feel like you have a personal Jeeves, you get some free laundry services, and a free shuttle to and from the airport. Also free internet in the club itself. The rooms are exquisite-- fabrics are top quality, towels are fluffy, toiletries are plentiful. I just stayed at the Shangri-La in Manila, where they were pretty stingy with sub-par toiletries, so this was welcome. Also, the toiletries are Molton Brown, which I adore. The bathroom is all marble and granite, with a huge lit make-up mirror, which I really appreciate. The room is also spacious, with a desk and two chairs, including a loveseat, coffee table, and large flat screen TV.The view from the room is also amazing, right across the swimming pool and to the park beyond.My only quibble is that closet space for two people is rather cramped, and the bathroom could be a smidge bigger.	
Jan 21 2007	Fantastic	Stayed here for almost two weeks, fantastic hotel.Service excellent.Particularly recommend the chinese restaurent, food absolutely wonderful.	
Jan 6 2007 	soulless luxury	It is not easy to find a good hotel for a reasonable price in delhi. For the last two nights of our journey we chose one of the top hotels. The building is impressive spacious and the rooms are excellent, large and quiet. Five star standard perfectly. The staff is friendly and always next to you.On the other hand the hotel is far from the city center in the diplomatic area. Totally boring. The only place of interest is a cafe on the other side of the road where you can eat and drink ten times cheaper than in the hotel and meet some indian teenagers.The hotel itself is full of luxury but lacks of style and atmosphere. Cold as the marble flooring. It could be anywhere else.Our budget reservation via internet was without breakfast but unfortunately there is nothing in the surrounding where you can go for some snack in the morning. The opposite cafe opens at 10 am, so we had to smuggle some food into our room for the next morning.Funny thing, but as higher the accomodation price as more you have to pay additionally.The standard room charge is much overpriced, but you can find large discounts booking via internet.	
Dec 11 2006 	Loved the Taj Palace	Right from the word go it was perfect. On arrival at Delhi international airport I was met and assisted by Taj staff who escorted me to the spankingly new Toyota. The hotel provides complimentary airport transfers to the hotel and back for those guests who stay on the Club floor. At the hotel lobby I was welcomed by Taj hostess who took me straight into my room on the 8th floor. All the rooms on this particular floor was recently renovated. You enter a different world altogether when you enter your room. It was done up quite painstakingly. It is the most modern hotel room that I have ever stayed in. Being a travel professional I have had the opportunity to visit and stay in many wonderful properties across the world. But from the standpoint of room decor, fixtures and fittings this one beats almost all. Bathroom amenities were in sync with the class of the room. The food outlets are absolutely top class whether the cuisine is Chinese (Tea House of August Moon) or Indian (Masala Art). Service was flawless throughout. All in all I had a great experience. I love the Taj Palace, the BEST in New Delhi.	
Dec 5 2006 	Great hotel great service	I spent ten days at this hotel- on a business trip. It was my first trip to India and I was pleasantly surprised to be met at the airport by a car from the hotel, with a drink and hand towel to freshen up with. The hotel is in the diplomatic enclave of the city, and is well situated. The staff were extremely helpful and solicitous, and often took care of my needs before I knew I had them. The room was a standard double, but well furnished and very clean. The steward offered me fresh fruit juice to drink as he took care of the check-in details for me. There are several restaurants in the hotel, but my favourite was the Indian, which had a menu that went on for days. Again, the service was excellent. Breakfast was served buffet style in the cafe, and chefs would cook almost anything you asked for. There was western style food (bacon and eggs) as well as Indian, plus an array of cereals, fruits, juices (fresh squeezed), etc.From a business standpoint, the Business centre was well-manned and had everything necessary. It was located below the lobby, and was quiet.. The hotel also has a nice fitness centre (though I didn't use it) and a spa. I had two massages during my trip, both excellent- the Indian Traditional massage was extrememly relaxing, and the back/neck massage was just the thing after a long day in front of the computer. There is also a well stocked store in the hotel- with very nice quality shawls, jewelry, ties, books and other items you might need to take home to your family. Again, great service. There is a nice terrace outside, as well as a pool, which I did not use. I was very happy with my stay in this hotel. If I were to criticise anything, it would be the air conditioning, which I found a bit too cold. However, you can turn it off in your room in the evenings, so it was fairly comfortable in any case. That is a minor detail, though, and not enough to really complain about.Overall, the hotel is a nice, traditional large hotel that gives you a healthy dose of Indian hospitality.	
Nov 2 2006 	Its Good!	Not bad at all!No, its really quite good!Reception is large, clean, modern and full of great staff, very helpful. They helped me find an obscure address in Delhi.Room was very comfortable and quiet, I had a good nights sleep here. Bathroom was also good.View out of the front was fine.Swimming pool is OK, some areas like changing area are getting a bit shabby and need a tidy up, but otherwise OK.Dinner and Breakfast was great, excellent buffet, lots of choice, good quality.Yes, I would stay here again.	
Oct 10 2006 	A real luxrious Hotel	It is the best hotel i stayed in. The staff is too co-ordial and the gr8 thing about all the Taj in general is they take a personalised care about you. I went to Delhi for my competition and i was surprised that the staff also wished me before leaving for the venue. Spectacular rooms, nice srvice great ambience makes it all a wonderful experience.	
Sep 27 2006 	An oasis of calm...	The Taj Palace is an oasis of calm in hectic Delhi. The staff are professional and friendly..... The Orient Express Restaurant lived up to its reputation as one of the top 50 Restaurants in the world, The food and service were excellent.The room was on the small side , but had good views over the pool.Overall a good stay... would use again when in Delhi.	
Sep 12 2006 	excellent hotel for business traveller	Superb care and hospitality, great attentiveness, faultless luxury transportation to and from airport, very sound restaurants and exec areas. Very inspiring and much recommended.	
Jul 28 2006	Good Hotel but	Stayed at this Hotel in mid June for two nights. It is an excellent property in an exclusive New Delhi locality. Had problems checking in, as our two-room reservation was not available due to overbooking. Were upgraded to a single suite room after some tough talk. The front desk staff need to shape up and cater to travellers needs in the unearthly check-in hours. The hospitality team more than made up for the tardy front desk staff. We were double billed for our stay, but then credit card companies will fix this.The property is great, the food is good, the location is great, but the front desk staff need to shape up.	
May 28 2006	Absolutely Wonderful	This was our first trip to India and having read lots of reviews about the hit &amp; miss hotels, I wanted to stay at a more upscale, reliable place. After searching the net for places and prices, I came upon an amazing rate for the Taj Palace Club level rooms, and booked it at once (about 2 weeks prior to our travel). Our reason for travelling to India entailed some stressful experiences, so I wanted the hotel to be as stress free as possible.The Taj didn't disappoint. As a club level guest, everything was first class, and absolutely perfect. We arrived at about 1:00 a.m. local time, and the staff whisked us through the checkout and to our room - down pillows and overstuffed quilt, waiting bottle of wine, fresh fruit &amp; flowers in the room, electronically controlled lighting, an electronic safe and a special breakfast/tea buffet room only for Taj Club level guests.The amenities didn't end with these room/floor features. The staff was attentive without being obnoxious. We were never asked for a tip by anyone and were never pressured about anything. All the prices were exactly as stated and there were no hidden fees. The serving staff in the buffet room addressed us by name each morning and by the end of our stay knew what we wanted as far as food &amp; drink. Service was always readily available and when we encountered a problem (of our own creation) the hotel maintenance staff was right there within 10 minutes.The food at the hotel was absolutely wonderful. We had room service twice and ate at the hotel restaurants three other evenings. The only lackluster experience was in their Chinese restaurant. The Kafe Fontana was marvelous and the room service was without compare (white glove, individualized service). The pool and gardens looked quite inviting, but as the weather stayed cool throughout our stay, we didn't get to experience any swimming.Overall, this was one of the best hotel experiences we've ever had. Definitely a 5-star place with all the extras (and we've stayed in many hotels throughout the world).	
Apr 29 2006	loved this hotel	We stayed at the Taj Palace after a two week long trip through the North of India. This hotel is absolutely stunning, a true 5* hotel. The pool is great. We had a club room in which they give you free water and a bottle of red and fresh fruit. The room was perfectly fine. What I must commend is the service, this was the absolute best service ever. And mind you we work for an airline and travel a lot. The staff was so attentive. They actually told us where to go shopping which was the G.K-I market and/or the central market for steel products, the former has fixed prices and the best restaurant we ate in while in Delhi. The breakfast was very good. We had some kind of indonesian salad by the pool and that wasn't worth it. We had room service which was not good. The bar is expensive because of all the taxes on alcohol, just buy a bottle in the street(around $3) and mixers and you're good to go if you're a drinker. We also ate in Zen in C.P. and that was great chinese food. We used the same taxi driver the whole time we stayed at this hotel because he was so nice and honest. Mehar Chand-you can actually ask for him I think his car # 2738. 300 Rupees for 4 hours and he would pick us up when we told him every day. This hotel is expensive, but really all hotels in Delhi are...but it is definitely worth it...we also stayed at the Intercontinental Grand...and this one blows it away really. Also, if you are concerned about the hotel not being in the center...don't even worry about it...it's not an issue there because you really are not going to walk around....you will take cabs everywhere...the city is really dirty and extremely overwhelming.I hope this helps and have a great trip!	
Apr 7 2006 	Taj - Great hotel	Stayed at the Taj Palace in April of 2006. First night in India after a long 14+ hour flight. The hotel is very impressive and the staff is excellent and speak good English. We booked rooms in the Taj Club and were directed to the 7th floor for check-in. The only two complaints I can make about this hotel are 1) at 12:00 PM midnight, our rooms were not ready. After traveling 17+ hours, we were ready to sleep. Also, the bar in the hotel closes early, around 11 PM. However, you can walk next door to the ITC Sheraton, who's bar and club were great, where it's open longer.I wouldn't hesitate to stay at this hotel again. Staff was friendly and very helpful. Booked a one day sightseeing tour through the travel desk. They were knowledgeable, friendly, and we had a great day. Rooms were nice, pool was nice, and lobby was comfortable. They even had a bottle of Italian red wine in my room as a greeting.	
Mar 3 2006 	Great Servicerooms a little glum	Stayed at the Taj Palace in Delhi for 3 nights on a business convention.The hotel is very impressive and service really is superb.No request is too difficult for the ever-attentive staff.Hotel is huge with a great pool,restaurants,bars,night club and a shopping mall.Room was a little on the old fashioned side in terms of decor although has all the first class amenities i.e tv,wireless internet access,safe etc.All in all a safe bet in Delhi.	
Feb 19 2006 	Expensive but..	After spending 10 nights, I can say:Ups: - the staff was very helpful and attentive. I needed some helpto clear my stuff at the customand they helped me. Generally speaking,the service has always been quick. - My room was very, very quiet. It is not a true luxury room but in the end it was OK, clean and big enough. - For people like me that cannot stand indian and spicy food, the evening buffet has always some continental food. The morning breakfast's buffet was excellent.- the bar and the business center are open 24hr a day.Downs: - at almost 300 eur. per night itis overpriced, but these are the prices in Delhi.I talked to many people and do not expect to finda five star hotel for much less.- the hotel is set in what is probably the cleanestpart of India - the diplomatic enclave - but you can'treally go out for a walk. The area is full ofdiplomatic and military buildings facing huge roadsfull of traffic. Overall I would choose the same hotel if I haveto go back.	
Jan 30 2006 	Over priced	Went to stay at the hotel but was sadly let down by the price and state of the room as it was tired smelly and dirty, the staff were quite helpfull, but unable to offer better accomodation at the time and would not reduce the 280USD price, which in my opinion was excesssive, considering the state of the room	
Jan 22 2006 	Business trip	I stayed at this hotel in August 2005 and received excellent service. The rooms were very clean. The hotel has a good location and was close to the airport (15-20 minutes). The mini-putt course was really neat. The onsite restaurants were excellent as well. Good buffet and superb service. Overall, a nice stay at this hotel while I was in New Delhi.	
Jan 4 2006	pleaseant Delhi hotel		
Nov 29 2005 	Luxurious but noisy		
Oct 26 2005	Nice enough		
Oct 26 2005 	Very Nice Hotel		
Sep 11 2005 	Business Taj		
Sep 3 2005	lovely hotelgreat service		
May 16 2005 	Not up to expectations		
Mar 29 2005	Not to be missed		
Jan 10 2005	Great hotel		
Dec 28 2004	good alternate in south Delhi		
Nov 14 2009	Lujoso pero alejado del centro		
Aug 16 2009 	??????????		
Jul 23 2009 	Hotel de ensueño		
Jun 3 2009 	excelente		
Jan 3 2009	???????????????????		
Jul 7 2008 	Meraviglioso o mediocre?		
May 19 2008 	Que estupenda sorpresa		
Dec 1 2007 	Le TOP Qualité/Prix à Delhi		
