Nov 14 2009 	Use as a last resort---	Some pros and some cons. No hot water. Beds and room okay, but bathroom not so clean. Three agressive bell boys insisted on helping with our two bags upon jet-lagged arrival and all wanting tips. Had trouble with AC. Breakfast adequate. Desk staff helpful. Don't stay here unless you have to. Not a good experience.	
Aug 14 2009 	Excellent triporganizer!	Me and my husband stayed here by a coincidence for two nights in august 2009. The hotel is situated on a good location, not far from anything if you have a driver (we had one through the hotel) or if you use the three wheelers. The staff was very helpful and friendly! We also got to know the hotel owner; mr. Naresh (Pintoo) when we wanted to book train tickets for Agra. The whole thing ended with him advising and organize a 13 day trip through Rajasthan with car, driver, hotels ,and guides in some of the cities. We got to see much more of India then we would have expected to see, which we are very grateful for. Our driver Kashmira was an excellent driver and a good and helpful friend through our journey. We would absolutely recommend this hotel and triporganizer to everyone who wants to see more of India!	
Jun 26 2009	Trip was great!	The hotel Madonna as well a the other tours and services offered were fantastic. I travelled with my mother who is a very nervous and picky travellor and even she liked it. The hotel is clean the staff is somewhat efficiant and they all want to make your stay as happy as possible. It is highly recommended for a comfortable and easy stay in New Dehli!	
Jun 15 2009 	Perfect week good service and very friendly	picp-up from the airport by an excellent driver directly to the hotel. Very good welcome in a nice hotel. Direct communication with the owner wich can tell you a lot about india. If wanted he can arrange for fixed prices day trips and you'll be treated like his guest all the way. For people that do not like to arrange to much from home you can trust this hotel to arrange reliable transport (best driver DEEPAK!), hotel stayings and sightseeing. Me and one other friend that really did not have any expectations in advance are very happy to have booked this hotel almost randomly. It turned out to be one of the best choices we could have made. We have visited india for just one short week and we have seen so much, Delhi, Jaipur and Agra really are incredible!	
Jun 11 2009 	Modest rooms great staff!	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Madonna on three separate occasions while traveling between other cities in India. We really liked the night manager, Tripathi and our taxi driver, Kashmira. They were fantastic and generous and made our stay a very nice one. I must say that the hotel is a modest one and we chose it because I thought it was close to the airport, but it is at least 30 minutes away. They do offer a free pick up from the airport and free breakfast which is made to order and delivered to the room! The rooms are clean and comfortable and the staff could not be nicer. They became our friends.	
Jun 10 2009 	Excellent stay with affordable rates	Found staff and owner, Mr Naresh, to be very helpful and really enjoyed the tour organised by the hotel to Agra and Jaipur. Will definitely recommend.	
Apr 27 2009 	good hotel for the money	stayed for 2 nights whilst we did the taj and delhi sightseeingthe hotel arranged for our pick up at airport everything went very smoothlywe did tours thro the hotel and they were worth every penny driver was excellentonly problem not many places to eat around the hotel but we found a little veg restaurant up the road and had a superb thali for £1 hotel restaurant ........... well its not arestaurant really they fetch food in at least we can now say we have had the ultimate indian takeaway lol it seemed odd while sat waiting for your meal to see a man run in with a carrier bag food was good but a long wait whilst they fetch it from wherever all the staff were helpful especially the managerwe upgraded to a luxury room it was large and clean but not luxurious but it did the hob ti was supposed to	
Apr 25 2009 	Affordable honest and friendly	We had a wonderful time here thanks to Mr. Naresh who provided us excellent services, being very professional and a nice human being making us feel like at home.George &amp; Helene Lazar	
Feb 28 2009 	Cheap Clean and central hotel	This hotel was a good clean hotel right in good location to the main attractions of Dehli. The staff were brilliant and very helpful and polite. The price was very reasonable. I would stay here again on my return to Dehli.	
Jan 19 2009	Naresh (owner) gets rave review	The hotel car and driver (complimentary) was waiting for us at the airport complete with sign. Naresh also arranged the same car and driver for our tours of Delhi, and Agra over the next two days. Puri, the driver, is probably the best driver in all of India, plus he also was very knowlegeable, and professional. Puri (on his own time) at the end of a long day chauffeured us to a great restaurant.We also appreciated Naresh's friendship in offering his office and computer to us at anytime so we could try to find our missing luggage as well as track our cruise ship which could no longer come into Mumbai because of the attacks.We found the hotel staff to be very friendly and helpful. The beds are king size, and the room was clean. We always had hot water and air conditioning.Thanks again Naresh and Puri.Teddy and Ed from Edmonton, Alberta, Canada	
Jan 5 2009 	It had its ups and downs	Well our stay was decent. When we arrived at the hotel they told us to go here so we got cab and arrived at the hotel. When we arrived they said were out of triples sp we will upgrade you to a suite, so we thought great,we got a suite. It turns out the room was so-so, with a refrigerator, hot showers. At night there was a lot of street noise and one mourning outside our hotel there was a parade at 6 a.m. All these things we tolerated but when we went down to ask for towels they said &quot;we'll bring them to you&quot; so they could get a tip and one guy just sat outside our door until he got one. The location is so-so and it's really near anything. They did have wi-fi (not in room), cable tv, and by the way the restraunt sucks, when we ordered they ran out and got from a different restraunt! Overall you can find a better place, us this as a last resort	
Jan 4 2009 	Smashed it :-)	Had a brilliant stay the hotel was comfortable and clean and provided everything we needed including a brilliant sightseeing tour of Dehli and then the key highlights of Rajasthan. The staff were the best and had a warm personnality.Again this was awesome so much so we stayed there once we returned from our Rajasthan tour. The location is spot on in the right part of town close to the sights and the conveinence of the ATM's, Banks, Shops ... thoroughly recommend this hotel when staying in Delhi.	
Dec 2 2008 	Great Place to Stay	We where referred to the hotel by the tourist desk on arrival in Delhi Airport. At the hotel we warmly welcomed by the staff and interacted directly with the owners. This personal touch led us to plan trips to the mountains in the North and the desert area South. We obviously use the hotel as our base stay for all the travelling done and really enjoyed coming &quot;home&quot; after the long trips away. The hotel is rmarkable in its hospitality and caring attitude of all staff and management, especially that we do not speak or understand any local languages. The rooms are well appointed and comfortable. Being fussy about ablution facilities we felt very at home in the neat and superb facilties. The hotel is ideally situated to travel in and around Delhi as well as a good departure point that does not get too involved in the hustle and bustle of the traffic congestions. I would definitely refer this hotel to travellers in Delhi and as a planning point for all tours. The hotel also operates a tour company with well mannered drivers who know the routes adn advise about places to visit and purchase gifts etc. I would definitely use this hotel in the future, it is also competitively priced.	
Nov 20 2008 	Highly Recommended	My wife and I just returned from a trip to India which started and ended at Hotel Madonna. The hotel, especially our rooms, were clean and fairly quiet, but what we liked the most about the place was the staff, who were not only helpful but genuinely friendly. The owner, Mr. Naresh Bhattia, was also able to provide advice and services for travel in his part of the country, which for us meant Agra, Jaipur and Pushkar. He set us up with a superb and resourceful driver who also turned out to be a great traveling companion and a kind of bridge to the India we otherwise might never have seen, and the hotels he booked were at least on a par with Madonna, and in the case of Pushkar, a real gem. All the foregoing at reasonable rates. So we don't hesitate to recommend Hotel Madonna and its wonderful cast of characters, starting with Mr. Bhattia, through Mr. Singh at the night desk and Protap Singh, our driver and friend. Mr. Bhattia also booked our flight from Delhi to Kerala which turned out cheaper than booking it directly from the US.	
Nov 13 2008	Loved it	The Hotel was nice and clean. The services were excellent. People were very helpful, when you need something the were always there.The only thing need to be upgraded is the shower. Otherwise we were very happy to stay at this Hotel. The train is nearby the hotel and very nice to ride in. The Hotel had tour trip if you want to see other part of New Delhi. The Hotel provided us the tour pkg. which included the car and the driver to Jaipur and Agra to Taj Mahal. The Hotel on the way was excellent. We had no problem at all, everything were arranged very well. The own of the Hotel was very helpful. We didn't have to do anything even when were were in the city he gave us the car to tour the city. Tourist from Canada Nov/2008	
Nov 10 2008 	Hotel Madonna a good choice	The Hotel Madonna for a mid-range Delhi hotel is in my experience a good choice, with very helpful and friendly staff.This is the second time I have stayed here. I was again picked up from the airport free of charge at 03:00 in the morning - very efficient.My previous complaint about having no wireless internet is no more, as this is now also a free-of-charge feature of the hotel. The manager even has a spare GSM card for emergency guest use, should the connection fail (which it did not do during my six day stay).Importantly the hotel is just 10 minutes walk from the metro and 5 stops from the station Rajiv Chowk/Connaught Place, which means that one can get around easily.Frank	
Nov 7 2008	Avoid	We booked our stay at Hotel Madonna through Expedia, prior to consulting a print travel guide on India. The lobby is just as pictured, but the room we were given was nothing like those on the websites. The room was adequate, but definitely NOT worth the price. The surrounding area is far removed from many tourist sites, and not really an area you want to explore on foot. We asked about the complimentary internet access, but the hotel staff were unable to get their computer running Windows 95 to work--they just kept checking the cables and turning it off and on. There are much better places to stay in Delhi. Avoid the Hotel Madonna as it is overpriced and not in a desirable location.	
Oct 30 2008	Lucky to know	I am a customer since last three years for the hotel madonna, the first time I visted india I was not familiar with india. I was along with my wife and were in India for her treatment purpose. i was worry how the hotel will be and how it could treat us?Realy the hotel owner Mr. Narish was a very open mind and nice person. Apart from the hotel was clean and all the people were working were so polite the owner was alwayse asking if we need his help in travel inside India and was arranging the trip outside Delhi on very comportable price.After we visited Delhi for four time, and it became for us like our own house, or house for our friend.	
Oct 25 2008 	Great hospitality!	We stayed in Hotel Madonna for the major part of our stay in India. In between, we made a trip to Jaipur and Agra organised by the hotel. It was a great trip, very friendly driver and very good guides!The hotel looks very good, nice clean rooms and good facilities. Breakfast at any time, and close to the metro and central places in Delhi.The owner is very friendly and really made us feel at home here, arranging whatever we wanted in no time. Thank you for the great time we had in India!	
Oct 20 2008 	Loved the maddona	We were warmly greeted at the airport,by hotel driver no charge.,Taken directly to hotel. Greeted by Mr.Singht at the hotel manager, asked if I wanted dinner and after a 24 hr. flight those were the words I wanted to hear. After dinner was escorted by the bellman [Sanjay] to my room which was immaculate and very clean with all western amenities including A.C. Staff was very accomodating any requests I had were fufilled,even when I left hotel I was offered a hotel business card, Staff was always concerned and wanted to make sure I always knew the way back.I had the pleasure to meet the owner Mr.Pinto who was truly a gentlemen and even sat down with me to to show the city center and directions to the popular places in town. Many Thanks to the staff at Hotel Maddona	
Sep 24 2008 	Dont Book Here!!!	We had contacted the hotel a few days before, that we would need to be picked up from the trainstation at 10.30pm. We had done this as we wanted to be safe and the hotel ensured us this would not be a problem!! Once we arrived and 45 minutes of waiting and on the phone the hotel told us to get any taxi and they would cover the cost. Once we finally arrived at the hotel, the manager who was very rude proceeded to argue with the taxi driver and try to get us to pay. He tried to do the same the following morning when wanting to check out. By now all we wanted to do was go to bed. When we finally got to the room it was horrible!!! Large ants all over the floor, dirty bathroom, no towels and rubbish in all the corridors. Couldnt wait to get out of there!!!	
Aug 20 2008 	Excellent inexpensive clean and friendly	I was coming to India on a business trip (it was my first time in India). Before the trip I started to look for the accommodation in New Delhi and discovered that the choice was basically between very expensive five star hotels and one star hostels/hotels. Nothing in between. I could not find anything that would match European 3-4 star standard and price range. Additionally, I planned to take couple of days off in India and see the country. So I needed a private tourist programme arranged by the hotel. I almost gave up on finding something for reasonable money when a colleague recommended me Hotel Madonna. I staid in Hotel Madonna and was very happy with the choice. I also sent there couple of my colleagues from Brussels who were equaly happy with the price, quality, service. We all had a very good experience with Hotel Madonna. The hotel arranged the accommodation, airport transfer (I was arriving in the middle of the night to New Delhi from Europe and the flight had a 3-hour delay, nevertheless someone was still waiting for me at the airport to bring to the hotel), the hotel also arranged my tour programme with the personal driver and a tour guide. I had most of my meals in the hotel. The accommodation was of good European 3-4 star standard. All the above was provided for very reasonable money. I would certainly recommend Hotel Madonna and will be back there again!	
Aug 15 2008 	not clean	Just kept seeing cockroaches.	
Jun 8 2008 	Unpleasant stay	Rooms were dirty, staff was unfriendly. I know I shouldn't expect much but it didn't fulfill the lowest standards.	
Apr 7 2008 	Hmmmm	We booked this hotel not knowing much about Delhi. It turned out to be quite expensive for what we got although the location was pretty good, very noisy street, but where isn't in India. The rooms have carpet which is filthy and quite frankly carpet anywhere in India is a bad idea. Staff were friendly enough, the breakfast staff had very limited english and the breakfast was very average......I don't think I would stay here again	
Feb 18 2008	loved the complimentary cookies	was picked up at the airport and taken to the hotel...delightful!!Check-in was quick and easy. The owner was in thelobby..a nice gentleman. He made arrangements fora car to take us to Agra..the charge for the hire wasnot bad. The driver was very nice and helpful. Enjoyedthe complimentary cookies every evening!Would certainly visit again.	
Feb 17 2008 	Great hotel in ideal location.	Hotel Madonna in Delhi was very convenient to all Delhi landmarks. The hotel staff were great, literally waited on us hand and foot and arranged all our trips, which included Agra and Delhi sights. We made a comment about the great biscuits we found in our room each evening after returning and the evening prior to our departure the owner send us two boxes of biscuits each, that was six boxes for three people, i was impressed!	
Jan 9 2008 	What a DUMP!	Arrived in middle of night by taxi, very expensive rider, operator did not have reservation, put us up in room, dirtY, smelly, slept on top of bed as someone had already slept on sheets. Had help with luggage, but would not leave until tipped and tipped well!Bathroom was very small, you could, sh_t, shave, shower all in one position as you could not do anything else! Supplies were limited to a little toilet paper, no soap, one wet towel.Checked out early, they do not take credit cards...what we were told, only cash...I paid $60 and friend paid $100 only bills we had on hand.In very bad area.....STAY AWAY!	
Jan 3 2008 	Great friends there!	The staying was nice; it was a clean place. But especially, Naresh, the owner, is a greatly wonderfull friend that made our days in Delhi a safe, really nice trip.	
Jan 1 2008 	Not a place to recommend	The Madonna hotel was reserved for us by a travel agent, reputedly a 3* hotel. We arrived late at night (2am) and there were thankfully people awake. Two guys brought our bags up, and stayed in the room until they were tipped. I had only INR 100, but as the porter said, &quot;that is a small tip, 500 is a large tip&quot;.. Well, indeed, 100 is the most i ever tipped in India, and definitely way to much.The rooms were a bit grungy, the bathroom definitely a mess, although the shower was allright (warm water wise). The beds very very hard, and the rooms incredibly noisy. I must say i feel bad for those people trying to sleep when we arrived. Breakfast was included, but they first tried to get us to pay for the breakfast, when i pointed to the fact that it was included, they withdrew the bill. The breakfast we got was not that well, plain toast, en egg, with a lot of water it seemed.Definitely not something i would every recommend to anyone arriving in Delhi.Especially bad marks for the rude, and very tip minded staf. We had left our passports at the reception to copy, the next morning at 7:00 i was woken by the reception on the phone, that they needed our passports (we had arrived at 3 am)..... After reminder that they already had the passports, nothing more was heard.	
Dec 19 2007 	no way! overpriced. trip advisor no help with Delhi	no no no. boo.true: this hotel is adequate, kind of...but at 100$ a night, you're paying 3-4x what you would for similar quality in Paharganj. (!)staying here means you burn cash for a decent hotel in a pretty rotten neighborhood.Delhi is tricky -- i've stayed in 8 hotels here at the budget level, and TripAdvisor (which was invaluable in Kyoto and saved my life in Beijing) was useless. LonelyPlanet came a lot closer to helping.You can get a decent room, with some work for 30$ a night in Paharganj, which is more central than the madonna. The madonna staff wasn't particularly friendly -- and when they gave travel advice, you couldn't help feeling like they were scamming you (a pretty constant feeling in delhi, where everything is barter -- it gets old). (The madonna staff was always trying to discourage you from talking to others about your travel needs)Delhi on a budget is tricky -- but it can be done -- and location is pretty important (you won't be spending much time in your hotel room, anyway...) Noise and smell are the two things to be wary of in a delhi hotel room -- the madonna had both. a sweage smell (not as bad as some others i've stayed in) - and the constant din from the street. i've stayed in worse (though for a fifth of the cost! 20$ a night) -- and i've stayed in places where the doors are thin and you can hear the staff talking all night (oddly common experience in Delhi)But buyer beware -- just because TripAd has no reasonable options for delhi (isn't india supposed to be cheap?) doesn't mean they don't exist. Look elsewhere for the deal and the inside info. LonelyPlanet's a good bet.	
Dec 19 2007 	Clean 	Stayed at the Hotel Madonna, ideal location to see the real Delhi. It is a clean and safe hotel by Delhi standards and the food was acceptable. The hotel is located near the the metro which is a great service, and at a very low cost, about 10 mins walk from the hotel. Regarding the hotel clean sheets and towels provided every day. Try the marsala omelette which is very tasty also the beer is chilled and very welcome after a day saying no to helpful people!!! who approach you in connaught place . Helpful staff but please have small change when you first arrive as my friend and | both got caught out , a tip of less than 100 rupees is probably more than enough for carrying your bags to the room.Noise is a major factor please bring ear plugs or you will get no sleep. Certainly not a tourist hotel.	
Nov 20 2007	A decent Delhi hotel	A decent Delhi hotel at a reasonable price. Clean and comfortable. Near the Metro (5-10 minute walk) so accessible to much of Delhi. In a lively neighborhood with shopping opportunities all around. Just two doors down from a fast and inexpensive internet cafe. The staff was helpful but not friendly. Also not particularly attentive: they took my passport when I arrived but failed to return it when I checked out costing me an hour (could have been worse if I hadn’t remembered). Breakfasts were good and the one dinner I had was very good.	
Aug 18 2007 	New Delhi Experience	Found this hotel through contact at Delhi airport and what a wonderful experience it turned out to be. The rooms were very comfortable and service excellent. We were also able to avail ourselves of the excellent service of Naresh Bhatia in organising a driver toshow us the sights of Delhi and a tour of Agra and Rajasthan for 12 days where his knowledge is second to none through his experience of booking everything including private taxi, knowledgable driver Ramesh and city guides who ensured that we ha athoroughly wonderful time. We then travelled back to Delhi and stayed at Hotel Madonna before going on to Amritsar where yet again the service provided was excellent through organisation of flights and trains including pickups to hotels etc... After this marvellous experience we returned to Madonna to conclude our stay before returning to Goa. We would definitely recommend this hotel and the services of Naresh wishing to have an excellent visit to Delhi and further afield.	
Jul 4 2007 	Our Great base in Delhi	At the end of June my partner and I returned from a once in a lifetime trip to India. Our first and final 2 nights were spent in Delhi were we stayed at the Hotel Madonna. As we had been warned it would be difficult to find good hotels in Delhi (not including the luxury ones), we struggled to find an option of hotels in Delhi which we felt comfortable with and within our price range. We finally settled for the Hotel Madonna, which looked okay on the web. Upon arrival, at about 2am in the morning we were warmly welcomed by the night manager and 2 people assisted with our bags. Although we booked a 'Luxury Deluxe' room and were really a bit worried about what to expect , however we were very happy with our room. It was a good size, bright, and most importantly clean. We also had airconditning, fridge and International TV channels. Also in it's favour, we found it convenient travel to all the sites we wanted to see. Staff were always friendly and nothing was ever too much trouble. And after we spent 10 days travelling to other parts of India we returned and it was nice to come back to the Madonna for our last 2 days!	
May 26 2007 	Nothing to write home about	We recently stayed at this hotel for 4 seperate nights having made the reservations in advance.The hotel room itself seemed clean and bug free, although the sheets were very stained. The bathroom smelt rather musty, although again itdid look quite clean. Both toilet paper and towels were both in shortsupply, with just one handtowel supplied (on one occassion this clearly hadn't been changed as it was dirty and wet!),On the upside, the owner or manager (I didn't quite catch which) was very helpful and provided us with a map of Delhi, ran through some ofthe key attractions and directed us to the nearby subway. Other staffwere also attentive, ringing to ask if you needed any drinks bringingetc. On the downside, the constant attempts to overcharge room service etcwas very wearing and the cost of taxis booked through the hotel was extortionate (at about 5 times the cost of getting one directlly off the street without any bartering!). If you do stay here check your bills very carefully and use either the nearby subway or taxi rank at the end of the road (out of the hotel and turn left and walk straight to the end of the street) for transport.	
May 25 2007 	Didn't like it	We went in expecting the &quot;unexpected&quot; given the mixed reviews, so we brought our own sheets and towels, which came in very handy, as their sheets were dirty and our towels were much better.The hotel in general is clean, the restaurant underground does have an odor and the helpers are very nice. The location is not too bad, 4 blocks away from subway/metro station. Keep in mind that the metro/subway itself doesn't cover much of Delhi.Our experience:Upon arrival, after a 13 hour flight, the front desk guy was very welcoming, already concerned with our next-day plan's.We saw a couple of people walking in with a bottle of mineral water, and we figured we leave everything in the room and go get some of our own. On the way out, again, the receptionist asked about our plans for the next day. We walked just down the street (to the right), which has a beat up sidewalk, which is taken by some vendors anyway, and found a little tour store, which we used for just about everything. Read on for why:The next morning, again same thing, but we were firm and just said we wanted to explore by foot, which is okay, but you can't really get to many monuments by subway/metro (I don't recommend bus). At night, we decided to take a driver from the ever so concerned receptionist to go to dinner, at the Intercontinental, he charged us 400 rupees, to be paid when we checked out.Two problems there, first they way overcharged us, so we used the office listed above, and during check out they tried VERY hard to up that charge even more. So, between spending $65 per night here and $85-$90 at other places close to Connaught Place, don't bother trying to save the extra few bucks.Pictures to come...	
Apr 7 2007 	A very god place to stay in Delhi	A very good hotel in Delhi, with clean rooms,excellent service, friendly and helpful staff. The hotel manager, Mr. Bathia was so friendly top arrange for usn a wo9nderful trip to Agra Pushkar and Jaipur, offering us for the best price hoytels of good standards and also helping us with the transport along all my stay. i can only recomand this hotel to all who will need a stay in Delhi.	
Apr 6 2007	Cool decorations but loud with pesky staff	We found this place via their website, which makes it look like a fairly hip, jazzy location. While the exterior decor is in fact cool, Hotel Madonna disappointed on many levels. Overstaffing in India is common (to provide jobs), but every time we came and went, a different guy grabbed each bag - meaning four separate tips. On one instance, I didn't have anything small to tip one of the porters (who was also in charge of delivering toilet paper), so I told him I'd tip him later; guess who ran out of TP?The location is out of the way and the neighborhood is truly India - loud all the time, with plenty of honking to keep you awake at night. Compared to the place we stayed in Bombay (thicker walls), this was like sleeping in a rock concert. The bed was uncomfortable, the bathroom was fairly grungy. They do have an internet connection, but speeds are at 1992 levels. They threw in free breakfast (mediocre) and set up some a driver for the day who repeatedly lied to us and took us to &quot;the only open restaurants&quot; in Delhi until we made him take us to one out of the guidebook that was magically open as well.Bear in mind, we stayed here after three weeks in India, so we were getting pretty sick of the tourist exploitation that goes on there. Still, you can do a lot better than the Hotel Madonna - we did everywhere else we stayed in India.	
Mar 30 2007 	My first contact with India.	I was in Delhi last year, my first time in India. I was a little bit afraid going alone but when I arrived at the aerport a guy from the hotel was waiting for me and brought me to the hotel, at that hour and in a strange city very pleasant. The owner, Mr. Pintoo helped me the first days, learned me more about India and what to do and NOT to do. Leaving Delhi, he helped me to reach every place I wanted to visit. The hotel is located near the metro, so very usefull to see the city. I'm going back in a few months, can't wait!Bernard	
Mar 27 2007 	A wonderful place to stay in Delhi	One year ago I was taled about the hotel, last year I came to Delhi and stayed in this hotle. The hotel hostility was really wonderful and I decided to come back with my wife. So this time I came with my wife and Mr. Pitoo arrange a womderful trip to Jaipur and Agra and really my wife and I enjoyed our stay. The hotle is locted colesed to the market place and suitable to go for site seeing. The evey important thing about this hotle is that it's very clean and the staff are so kind to the guests.Thank you so much for evey thing, India will be our second home after Ethiopia.	
Mar 4 2007 	Not bad	Delhi is a pretty hard place to get accomodations under $100 that are reasonable. Considering this, Hotel Madonna is not so bad, at $81 including taxes and breakfast. They were honest with us, and the manager (Naresh) was very good at making reasonably-priced car and travel arrangements for us. The area is also nice, as there aren't many tourists around to attract touts &amp; beggars, and there are plenty of ATMs and shops (bottled water, cell phone SIM cards, etc...). They picked us up from the airport as arranged, even though our flight was delayed by 6 hours and arrived at 4 AM.The downsides? Not the cleanest hotel we ever stayed in. Street noise can be very loud (Indian street noise is a whole different level than the west...). We had to call reception every day for towels and more toilet paper. Restaurant is best avoided.	
Feb 28 2007 	Do not stay here!	Everything started out OK - phoned the hotel ahead of time, got a rate in USD ($92) and arranged a hotel pick-up, which was there when I arrived. The people were nice enough, but I got the sense that they would try to deceive me. Sure enough, at check-out time, they attempted to overcharge me. Once I pointed out the mistake, they quickly rectified it.The breakfast is included, but nothing special. The dining room is subterranean and smelly. The room was clean, but very basic, and my bathroom had a direct opening to the outside and during the night when I got up to use the bathroom, there was a *bird* inside my bathroom - nearly scared the life out of me!There is a dearth of good midrange hotel rooms in Delhi. Try the India Habitat Centre if you can find someone with a membership.This hotel is not up to western standards, and should be avoided if at all possible.	
Feb 20 2007	Good value modern hotel	Having read a number of reviews of Delhi hotels all had some negative aspect, be it dated rooms, moody staff, poor location or poor value. The tripadvisor reviews for this hotel seemed okay so we booked this for 4 nights via internet.Other than being an autorickshaw ride away from the centre (3-4km) and with no real restaurant alternative in the imediate vicinity we were very pleased with the hotel, the rooms were clean and well equiped with modern matching furniture, everything worked including the tv reception which was a first for India in several weeks of traveling. The hotel has a small restaurant and the food is okay and reasonably priced. Also the hotel was 500R+ cheaper than poorer sounding alternatives in Connaught Place.Overall we were happy with the hotel, the money saved more than covered the costs of autorickshaws into town. Also Karol Bagh market area, wih indian and western restaurants, is only 10 minutes walk, as is the metro station that provides a pleasant alternative to bargaining fares with rickshaw drivers and gives direct access to Red Fort, New Delhi Station and Connaught Place.	
Feb 20 2007	cheap budget hotel	The hotel was good but the restaurant was of poor standard every time you entered it smelt really bad; hygine was not of top of the list. However tour organiser was good and we enjoyed the tour. our room was clean but basic. If you do visit delhi be aware of profit making scandles your guide and taxi driver are usually in to make some money.We came across this when our guide would not let us go where we wanted to go and kept taking us places he wanted and forcing us to buy things that we did not want buy.	
Feb 7 2007	Very good mid-range option	Service was excellent and the owner, Naresh, was very helpful. Very good in this rare mid-range category in Delhi. The location is by Karol Bagh station, which is convenient to get to various places (Old Delhi, Connaught Pl., etc.). Room was very clean, but if you can you should try and get a room in the back as there is noise on the rooms facing the street (also I was on the first floor).	
Jan 15 2007 	decent mid range option	There is a lack of mid-range hotels in India, there seems to be only $20-$25 hotels and $200-$250 hotels. The Madonna is a fair attempt at a mid range option. Pleasant enough rooms, free (but slooow) Internet, complementary breakfast and the possibility of walking to a metro station are all positives. The hotel is under the same ownership as one 100m away which has a Sheraton type name (but is not part of the Intl group). The staff were friendly and helpful when I was unable to print out my Expedia voucher as I had made an error entering my email address. You get the same rather hard bed that I found elsewhere around Delhi. I was there in a cold spell in early January and the room was cold, the lack of a heater, the draught from the windows and intermittent hot water in the shower meant something of a cold welcome. However heat rather than cold would be the issue for most of the year.	
Jan 2 2009 	Sale bruyant et tres cher		
Sep 26 2007 	Angenehmer Aufenthalt		
