Nov 9 2009 	Awful	Yes its cheap, yes its close to the station, but its awful. was not under any illusions as to getting much for our money - wasn't expecting an amazing place for the price but i wish we had paid a little more and stayed somewhere better. The room was horrible, the bathroom was filthy - i did not wash while i was there, we arrived to find cigarette butts in the toilet, sheets where dirty, We also saw several cockroaches (although this isnt exactlyt unusual in Delhi) the tipping point came when we could hear buzzing in the room which we though to be the electricity or fan, so after turning them on and off afew times we were stumped as to what it could be; went to go back to sleep picked up my pillow to reveal 2 huge cockroaches underneath it. WRANK.	
Nov 2 2009 	Disgusting...	Dirty bathroom, fan was so loud that we cant sleep, dirty bed-clothes. We paid for pick up from airport and driver didnt want to show us where the hotel is without a big tip.	
Sep 29 2009 	hot hot hot	Hotel Namaskar has just 2 pluses: first - its really cheap (480 rupees per room for four people)second - has great locationThe other way is terriblle. Was really hot, fans are not enough, our room didnt have windows, bathrooms are owful. People are ok. Next time in New DElhi we will choose sth different.	
Jul 25 2009 	Budget stay at Namaskar	The airport pickup worked perfectly for the price of quite expensive 700Rps (and the driver wanted a big tip)The rooms were budget, no hot water, accordingly not perfectly clean rooms.The biggest issue was the extremely loud A/C, it was as loud as a lawnmower.The staff was friendly and we stay for the booked 3 nights.The location is ideal, and you get what you pay (budget rooms for a budget price).	
Mar 11 2009 	friendly staff hot water and a bed what more do you need?	I stayed at the Hotel Namaskar when I first arrived in India on the 25th January. I had arranged for their airport pickup, which was waiting as promised at the airport. The journey to the hotel was hair-raising to say the least, but then it was my first experience of Indian driving!On arriving at the bazaar, the car had to park a bit away due to the road being dug up, but the driver carried my bags to the hotel for me. I had a double room, clean and reasonably comfortable for 300 rupees a night. The toilet worked and the hot water was supplied by a boiler outside the room, which also worked. The staff were very friendly, the young Nepalese boys were great, and the other counter staff could not have been more helpful. The owner is a little intimidating, but once you get used to him he is actually quite nice. They searched online for me and found me a great flight price for my return from Goa. I stayed three nights before setting off on my travels around India. I returned for one night after flying back from Goa, prior to flying home the next day. Unfortunately the booking had been missed, but they did find me a room, not quite as good as the first but adequate for one night. Overall I felt very safe here, and it was a good introduction to India, I stayed in hotels that cost far more and provided less in other places!	
Mar 8 2009 	For Rs300 this is what you get	Good location close to New Delhi train station, friendly staff, 1 hot shower available if you ask, very basic rooms, bit run down. Personally I would pay extra Rs150 for a room with private bathroom, hot showers, new, clean &amp; comfortable at Hotel Gush or Rak International (neighbours).	
Feb 14 2009 	Hotel Namaskar - No Thanks	I recently booked a room at hotel Namaskar and arrived around 7 am. By the time I arrived at the hotel, the door was locked. The rickshaw operator knocked on the door and was told that the hotel was booked. I waited around for a few minutes and then called the hotel while standing outside the door. After wasting about 5 minutes on the phone while looking at the guy I was talking to, he finally let me in the door.Even though I booked the room online and got a confirmation email, I was told that the room would not be available until noon. Around 10 am, the owner came in and let me have the room 2 hours early. He said the usual charge for early check in was 1/2 what I was quoted by the guys when I came in. Once entering the room, it did not look very clean (I took the 400 rupee room). The bathroom was fairly small and the toilet looked very dirty. The bed did not look like the sheets were clean either. Luckily, I took the advise of another traveler and brought my own sheet to cover the bed and sleep on.I stayed another night and was moved to a smaller room (300 rupees). The second room was dirtier than the first. The sheets had not been changed and the room had not been cleaned since the last guest left. Upon entry into the room, both of the sheets covering the mattress had blood stains on them. There was an empty package of lingerie on the bed. The bathroom was a lot smaller than the first one and this one did not even have hot water in it. To get hot water, you have to take a bucket down the hall and bring it back to your room.As far as the room being cheap, not really. Yes, you can get a room as cheap as 300 rupees. But, it is not clean, and there is nothing in the rooms but a bed and bathroom (no tv, nothing). Also, international flights usually arrive very late or very early in the morning. You pay for the room from noon to noon. If you get the larger room with the water heater (no ac), you will pay 400 rupees for the room until noon. Of course, you will not leave at noon, so you will have to pay another 400 rupees to stay overnight. Thats 800 rupees for pretty much 1 day in their hotel. For 800 rupees, you can find a much better place.The staff was friendly, but in a crooked sort of way. When I asked about a good restaurant in the area, I was told that they would get me the food and deliver it to my room. I gave them 102 rupees for the food. When they returned, they did not provide me with change or a receipt. When I asked about the cost, I was told &quot;It's ok&quot; and they left.They are proud of being recommended by Lonely Planet. I was shown a copy of Lonely Planet and the recommendation by the author to stay there and book tours through Namaskar. They do take a rather large commission on the booking of the tours. The cost was about 33% higher than the cost the driver normally charges. While on the road, the driver stopped at some local shops so that I could do some shopping. Of course, these were shops where he would earn commission if I bought something and the prices were grossly inflated. 2 shops I did not even ask him to stop at or even make the slightest inclination that I was interested in purchasing the type of goods sold there. He just stopped and said it was part of the tour.The hotel offers to keep your luggage for you if you go out on a trip. I would not recommend this. While leaving, I was handed someone else's bag. If I were a dishonest person, I could have walked away with somebody's luggage.I stayed at Hotel Namaskar after reading some reviews on a website that claimed it was a good deal and it was clean. If you want a clean place at a reasonable rate, look elsewhere.	
Mar 14 2008	Very cheap in the heart of Paharganj	We booked the hotel for its price and reccomendation of guidebooks. The area of Paharganj is not the best in Delhi, so if you want anything remotely fancy don't stay here. The hotel looked like one of many in the area, which is packed, but we didn't have any hassle in our stay at all.The room is clean enough and very big, with some weird cables hanging from the wall, and a not very nice toilet with not very warm wather.They can arrange the pick-up from the airport, which saves you lots of hassle if you are not used to the india-taxi way of life.Also, they can organise tours around Delhi and Rajastan, though they take a fairly big commission and if you have the chance, you would do best booking straight from a driver.Our stay was not memorable, but it served perfectly its purpose of having a cheap place to sleep in Delhi.	
Jan 8 2008 	Very cheap you get what you pay for	Found this through Lonely Planet, one of the few places that was very responsive to my email inquiry. Their airport pick-up service was on-time and waiting for me, but I did not feel safe in the minivan they drove, which was very old, has poor shock absorbers, and no seatbelt. At one point the car hit a speedbump too fast and I flung forward, knocking the front passenger seat out of place. The reception and staff are friendly and helpful, but they are always a bit too eager to book tours for you.The hotel is located in the Paharganj, in an alley just off the main market street. This is a very active, loud, and dusty area, and there is a public urinal at the entrance of the alley. It is walking distance to the metro (Rama Krishna Ashram Marg station), and one metro stop away from Connaught Place.My room &quot;double&quot; room was very spartan, there were two twin beds pushed together and just enough space to walk around it, and a small table in the corner. Walls were pink, as warned in Lonely Planet. The windows were blacked out, but I could hear the street noise and the heavily polluted street air made its way into the room. There was also a ceiling fan and a/c. The bathroom was small, and there is no separation between the shower and the toilet (this is standard for most hotels in India). No hot showers, as there was no hot water in the room - they provide you with a large bucket and you retrieve hot water from a tap down the hall. Also, the only available electrical outlet in my room had been taped onto the wall.The room appeared clean enough, but as with most hotels in India, the room does not get serviced daily. Bathroom looked kind of disgusting with a lot of water stains and water damagede door. Toilet paper is not provided. The sheets were clean, some more threadbare than others, all had some stubborn stains or cigarette burns. I stayed for 4 nights and got very sick from the poor air quality (this is clearly evident when you blow your nose at the end of the day). Essentially, you get what you pay for. Many locals avoid the Paharganj area because it is even too chaotic for them to endure, but it does have lots of shops, tourists, internet cafes, and cheap eateries. As a tourist, you can also expect and get used to being hassled a lot.	
Sep 25 2006 	Friends from other hotel	This hotel is recommended by Lonely Planet. The problem of accomodation being recommended by Lonely Planet is that the hotel will tend to be over booked or over popular. This Hotel Namaskar is the first on top of the budget hotel list, so we called to make reservation two days before we reach Delhi. The person who takes the call said the rooms are alway available and we can come to stay any time.When we reach Delhi, we went straight to the hotel which we had made reservation and I saw my name on the reservation book too. Then the man at the counter ask his man to show the room for me. At the point of time, I realised something was wrong, the man took me to other hotel which do not even known to me. I realised later that the hotel that we want to stay is full. So in order not to loose any chance of earning a little more income, the owner without even telling us what happen took us to the other hotel nearby which probably will give him some commission if he &quot;defer&quot; a customer to his hotel.	
Mar 24 2006	Basic in the Bazaar	Basic hotel in the Main Bazaar area. Rooms are cheap, relatively clean but very basic. The staff and especially the two brothers are extremely helpful and can arrange for tours at very reasonable prices both in Delhi and wider India. It is this that is the main attraction.Up a small alley off the main bazaar you have to pass an open urinal at the start of the alley. The location is not for the faint hearted as you are pitched into the noise and squalour of Old Dehli on your doorstep although personal safety was never an issue.	
Feb 26 2006	cheap clean noisy	I spent 3 nights in Namaskar hotel. The people of the hotel can take you from the airport, even during the night, for 400 rupies (8 euros). They can book a taxi for you, and many other things. They can keep some of your luggage (even a computer) a few weeks until you come back. It is really near main bazar street.We spent 2 nights in a room for 2oo rupies (4 euros) for 2 people. Their was too much noise (because of the fan and the corridor), too much light during the night, some problems with the water (there was no more water during one hour maybe). The room was clean.We spent another night in a 450 rupies room (9 euros). It was really bigger, with 2 bathrooms, but as much noise and light. However, I don't know if it is possible to have better hotels for less than 600 rupies a night in Delhi, where so many hotels are &quot;expensve&quot; (for India) and of bad quality.If you want to sleep in this hotel it is better to phone them to book the nights you want before you come to Delhi. If you arrive from the airport it is better to ask them to send you a taxi to avoid a lot of problems the first day !!!!(a french tourist)	
Feb 15 2009	Quelle déception!		
Nov 20 2008 	Super Service- gute Adresse		
Oct 3 2008 	Loin d'être acceuillant		
Jun 3 2008 	Bof bof		
