Nov 10 2009 	Old and tired won't be staying there again!	We arrived and checked in at the hotel late after a delicious meal at Bukhara. Our first impression of the hotel upon arrival was it was dark (poorly lit) and looked old. Nonetheless, the check-in staff were efficient and friendly. When we told them that we won't make the breakfast room's opening hours, as we were planning to be on the road to Agra at first light, they kindly offered to pack us some breakfast for the road, which was generously portioned.However, we found the rooms damp, old and tired, and not particularly clean either. It is definitely not the usual standards expected from previous stays in Intercontinental hotels worldwide. We booked a non-smoking room / floor, but our room stank of stale smoke, probably entered the room through the air vents.Thankfully, we were out of there first thing in the morning. We're fairly certain we will never return to this hotel again.	
Oct 23 2009 	Great Business Hotel	Stayed here for work &amp; didnt get the best room at first. I had a bad cough &amp; the old room I got smelled of damp &amp; old smoke (even though it no longer was a smoking room). What impressed me most was the response I got when I complained. They were kind enough to show me 5-6 different rooms of which I could have my choice. Then (I can only assume to apologise) I found a chocolate cake in my room the next day!The rooms I chose was a newly renovated room which was a smoking room. But it was really brand new &amp; so there was no smoke smell whatsoever. The newly renovated rooms are much nicer than the tired old rooms &amp; I would recommend asking for one if possible.The facilities at the hotel are excellent. Great pool, good restaurants &amp; the spa/sauna/gym are is excellent. I also have to highly rate the people in the business centre. Very helpful, friendly &amp; unlike some hotels I have stayed in, have no problems giving you a quick photocopy without charging your room for it. Internet speeds were also good.Location of the hotel could be better for sight seeing, but for business it is great. Its closer to Noida, across for Nehru place (a large IT market where you can get any IT needs services including plan copies, scanning etc sone) and still not far into Connaught.All in all I would definitely recommend this hotel based on value. Our rooms were much cheaper than all of the other 5 star alternatives. Sure some of the old rooms have a bit of a damp issue, but as the renovation continues I think it will become an even better value hotel.	
Sep 4 2009	DONT STAY AT INTERCONTINENTAL EROS -DELHI	DONT STAY AT INTERCONTINENTAL EROS -DELHII would like to express my anger concerning my stay at the InterContinental Eros-Hotel in Delhi.My visit was just awful. As I was with my family I opted to book a suite. When I arrived I was given a room not over looking Lotus temple as promised, but given a stingy damp room. When I requested for room change I was told there are no other rooms available. The corridors were full of smell and dust because of repair work. We were left without electricity for an hour and when only I went to reception they sent a person to repair it. The wash basin was choked and bathroom smelly.What is more interesting that no points were added to my priority club gold account and I was told that I had bought on reduced price, but it is nothing like that . After all these blunders they just offered a discount. I didnot know that this discount are my priorty club points.Because of this I had to change the hotel and opt for Le Meridien Delhi. What I cannot understand why IH Group is providing franchise to hotels that don't meet standards. IH-EROS is 2 star hotel not a 5 star hotel.Hope you will pay attention to my mailDr. John	
Aug 30 2009 	Fantastic Hotel!	I was a bit worried about the mixed reviews I read on here about the IC Nehru Place. but was pleasantly suprised!!Check in was quick and efficent and was taken to our room. As an Ambassador member of IC membership scheme, we were upgraded to an Exec suite. The room was amazing!!! Big in size, the best amenites, two bathrooms, giant fruit basket, fresh flowers everyday. The room was perfect!!!Make sure your rate includes breakfast, as its well woth it. The breakfast spread was a mix of cultures, Indian, English, American etc etc, which kept all the family happy! There was always plenty there and waiting staff to answer any questions.I didnt have time to use the gym or pool so cant grade them, but did use the business centre to check in onto next flight. Internet access and printing was fairly cheap, and the staff were extremly helpful.Location wise, its on a quite busy street but you cant hear the traffic, there are a few eating places near by (turn left when you leave the main car park gates), and felt quite safe in and around the hotel.Overall, I really enjoyed my stay here, the polite and helpful staff made the stay at the hotel even more enjoyable. I would definately stay here again and recommend it to my friends and family.	
Jul 24 2009 	Not a 5 star	This is an average hotel, definitely not a 5 star. The room was ok, but the bath room was bad, needs renovation. The reviews stated that the rooms were renovated, but apparently not the one we stayed in. Location is a plus, so was the overall service. The breakfast spread was good.	
Jul 13 2009 	Nice place	Nice hotel, good service, four restaurant and night club, wonderful was the barber shop with head massage. Relaxing	
Jul 12 2009 	This hotel is my home from home in Delhi	I have been staying at this hotel for 4 years now. It's never too full of non-Indian tourists which I always find encouraging - the locals often come to the restaurants to each which I see as a plus point. They are starting a renovation process, they are promising a much better hotel - I just hope it doesn't lose it's Delhi charm.I have stayed in other Delhi hotels for comparison and while not as super-delux as some, it can still proudly call itself a 5-star hotel.	
Jul 10 2009 	Great business hotel	I stayed at IC-Nehru Place a few times on business. It is an excellent business hotel with a convenient location with easy access to domestic airport as well as to Noida. Rooms are a bit outdated with stained carpets but they make it up with good amenities and space. The rooms are larger than the other IC in the city. The selection of drinks in the lounge is quite good. As a PC-gold member, I also got a complimentary 15-min neck massage treatment - a very unique way of rewarding the loyal customers beyond the usual free welcome drinks that are generally offered elsewhere. The breakfast spread is extremely good though a bit expensive if it is not already included in the room rate.	
Jun 18 2009 	Old tired - not even a Holiday Inn let alone an InterContinental	The word &quot;InterContinental&quot; conjures up images of luxury and service. Not so at Nehru Place. First of all, despite an e-mail request, no airport transfer was waiting for me. When mentioning this at the reception, the clerk simply blamed me, without actually looking into the matter. Only after providing proof, they sort-of said they were sorry. Great start, especially arriving at 11.30 PM.My rate included breakfast, but since I had to leave before breakfast started, I requested whether room service would be available. Again, the clerk said no, no and no. Only the duty manager could reluctantly be persuaded to be core courteous. So after over half an hour of haggling at check-in (and a harrowing taxi ride from the airport), I was finally able to retreat to my room. What an abysmal display. Clearly not up to any standards (see pics), and bathroom wasn't even clean. Carpet was stained, furniture was worn, lamps falling of the wall, and the room was just way too old. This, dear readers, is NOT an InterContinental.	
Jun 18 2009 	love the disc	love the whole architecture view of it and location of the hotel	
Jun 14 2009 	Average Category Hotel.	I Booked two rooms in this hotel at the end of June but didn't find hotel as per 5 Star Standard.Lobby is Good,Singh Saheb Restaurant is Good &amp; even Buffet Breakfast was great.But Rooms were not Good.Even we were upgraded to Club room category &amp; we got access to Lounge as well but really surprised we didn't find Good brand drinks in Lounge.Anyways,I find this as average kind of hotel.	
Jun 13 2009 	Execllent Business Hotel	This is a magnificent hotel, right in the heart iof Delhi's CBD Connaught Place/Barakhamba road. I was here for almost three months. Room rates are quite agreeable relative to the high fiver star prices that Indian hotels charge. Rooms are elegantly decorated, refurbished, with transparent bathroom sections, cozy beds and a host of business friendly gadgets. I believe they have one of the two heated swimming pools in all of Delhi with oberoi being the other.Nice restaurents and a lavish breakfast buffet at the coffee shop.All in all a pleasing, business friendly hotel.	
Jun 13 2009 	home like a home	I stayed this hotel for my business trip, rooms &amp; dinning given good atmosphere and feels like a home.	
Jun 9 2009 	Needful Renovation	If Nehru Place is not too far away from the centre for one's needs, this is currently a good-value five star experience - on balance. The staff are excellent, and breakfast is good. Wrap up warmly for dinner, though, the a/c in Blooms Restaurant is set to maximum chill in the evening. The hotel is currently (June 09) undergoing renovation, and the noise of this travels through the structure from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. 7/7. The fixtures in the rooms are showing their age, and the renovation is timely: bathrooms are looking rather tired, the water pressure varies considerably (making a shower an exciting experience); and in one of the rooms I used the curtains did not meet in the middle and, despite several reminders, the management seemed unwilling or unable to remedy this. It should be easy to negotiate a good deal - I got complimentary airport transfers and 24hr internet, whereas both are normally charged for at Delhi prices on the standard rack rate.	
Jun 8 2009 	nice place no distractions	good place warm welcome nice rooms,good food.healthy atmosphere .overall good place to stay if you dont know the place well.	
Jun 8 2009 	Great Hotel Located in commercial Hub	Great Hotel is an elegant oasis surrounded by the commercial hub of Nehru Place.	
Jun 7 2009 	not upto 5 star standard	Hotel was good. But can get better in terms of quality. Not the finest 5 Star Hotel in terms of quality though. Checking out process was quite late .but staff is very hospitable, good food and very comfortable rooms.Guests are provided with a range of dining options, serving delicious east and spicy Indian as well as Chinese delicacies. In addition, you can also savour most exotic blends of teas, coupled with a variety of pastries at the Rajasthani style, Tea Lounge.Entrance of the hotel is not upto the mark,it could have been much better..	
Jun 5 2009 	Luxary business redefined.. !	Its best to stay in InterContinental in Delhi. Last time when I was there, I was overwhelmed with their service. We have also organised a business event-conference in one of their banquets and with the world class arrangement, we were successful in making our foreign delegates impress and give us a fairly good order in India. It was not only a matter of happiness but also pride infront of the foreigners, to have kept them and getting them to give us business.	
Jun 2 2009 	Very good business hotel	Very good business hotel at the heart of the New Delhi city.Have been there many time before and would recommend this to all colleagues and friends.ciaoronak	
Jun 1 2009 	Business hotel	Reasonable business hotel, good value for money. Great if your business is in the Nehru Place of South Delhi area.	
May 27 2009 	Reliable	In a city where you can pay extortionate prices for the pretty grim here at least is a reliable - indeed, at times, luxurious - way of spending a sweeper's annual pay on a single night's accommodation. Public parts particularly well appointed and the food in the restaurant delicious.	
May 22 2009 	Okay Kind of Business Hotel.	I did my booking with One of Travel Agent for this hotel.Hotel Lobby is good,Restaurants are good.But Rooms are not so good.Okay Kind of rooms with smaller bathroom.I stayed here only for one night.But One thing I liked most is breakfast. Breakfast was too good with lots of items.Even I didn't like the services of hotel.	
May 10 2009 	Loved hospitality at Intercontinental	The hotel entrance is grand, has all the facilities of a 5 star, rooms have pool views, very quiet, lovely food in the buffet restaurant - spoilt for choice. The staff are very friendly and accommodating. Ideal for the airport, nearly 30 minutes drive. Definately stay when I visit Delhi again.	
May 10 2009 	Efficient and convenient	I have been staying at the Intercontinental Eros, Nehru Place, Delhi once in a few months since 2006. It is very close to my Delhi office and I find it very convenient to stay. The property is a typical city hotel - large and impersonal (which is good when you are on business!). The staff are very courteous and the rooms are spic and span. They are one of the few hotels which provide all toileteries including shaving kit and toothbrush and toothpaste - a welcome convenience for frequent business travellers like me. Occasionally I have had trouble with the irons in the rooms, but nothing which the staff haven't solved promptly.Their restaurants are good and provide a decent variety. The coffee shop does a good breakfast spread and one can take a quick bite or have a luxurious breakfast depending on what one wants. The Singh Sahib does excellent north Indian food and the bar is very relaxing place. That is, except when the live music is on in the bar. If you want to just relax and nurse a drink after a long, hard day, the live music isn't something that helps. They have a good sized swimming pool located on the back side next to the lawns, well away from the hustle bustle of the hotel.The business centre is small but efficient. Some rooms have views of the Lotus Temple.A place I would recommend for the business traveller but may not be ideal for tourists.	
May 7 2009 	Very elegant	world class facilities.. very serene interiors and very ample parking space/	
Apr 26 2009 	The worst hotel ever stayed in india	The worst experience ever had in india, the hotel staff member are least bothered abt there guest.Wld never recommend to visit itz a horrible experience.	
Apr 26 2009 	Convenient Location Excellent Food	Intercontinental Eros is in the city center and has a very convenient locaiton. Restaurents offer a variety of cuisine options. Rooms are spacious and elegantly laid out.	
Apr 21 2009 	Great Food and Good Hotel	A brilliant hotel, I always stay here when I am in Delhi. In the middle of the city, affordable price and great food...	
Apr 20 2009 	Good Hotel	The hotel is nice. Rooms are comfortable and the dinings options are good. The room can do with some renovation - though it was clean and well maintaned, it was not the typical contemporary room that one has come to expect from 5-star hotels located in metros. The curtains and carpets could do with a replacement. The service though was very good.	
Apr 19 2009 	Lap of luxury	Good luxurious rooms and discounted rates...what else would you want..... 2 Hr complimentary Internet	
Feb 26 2009 	My First Bad Intercontinental Experience	I am a Intercontinental groupie but this was a poor experience. The hotel is tired inside and out and in a second class location. The Club Lounge was well below my expectation and the rooms are old-fashioned. And to top it all very poor handling on check-out of an overcharge on my account....real obstinacy that I have never experienced anywhere before let alone at an Intercontinental. There are much better Delhi hotels including the Lalit which was Intercontinental until recently!! Come on Intercontinental...get it sorted	
Feb 16 2009	A Quaint Room with the Biggest Kingsize Bed You Can Imagine!	We live in New Delhi, but chose to take a 24 Hour &quot;escape&quot; in town. If you know anything about Delhi, you would never think of Nehru Place as a get-away place! It is reminicent of a run-down Westworld from the Yul Brynner 1973 film. The hotel was a pleasant surprise. Mission control was the room itself. A huge bed made for comfortable sleeping and a playing surface for some family games. Definitely request a room on one of the top floors. The view out the huge windows bypasses the built up commercial areas and looks onto a green patch of Delhi. One can see the Lotus Temple in the distance.The breakfast is well worth eating. The huge fruit bar, cereals, and juices were great.The swimming pool was freezing but refreshing. Don't expect any privacy though, as half the floors look right down on you.There is now a cineplex 2 minutes walk from the hotel and some fast food joints for those who want to get out, but not waste time getting there.As for all 5-Star hotels in Delhi, the price is not worth it unless someone else is paying.	
Jan 20 2009 	Great Experience at Eros Intercontinental	The hotel looked drab from outside and the mall in the lower floors seemed depressingly empty but the inside is a different story. It is richly decorated even if it is a little dated.This hotel oozes with the professionalism of older hotel chains. Service was not perfect in that we had to follow up on a few things but it's evident that the staff aims to satisfy its guests.The breakfast buffet served food of the highest quality featuring local and international cuisine.The gym was busy in the morning with serious health buffs so that tells you the equipment is good. The staff in the gym actively helped guests while they were working out.Amenities in the room abound, perfect for people like me who can't resist taking those bottles of shampoo and conditioner home with me.Additionally, there's a market across the street in which everything from electronics to used clothes are sold.	
Jan 10 2009 	Great Place in Delhi	The InterContinental Nehru Place in Delhi is a very welcome place away from the hustle and bustle of the city.The hotel itself is located in the south-east of the city, about a 25 minute drive from the centre. Taxis are very cheap, however if you want a bit of luxury, the hotel offers reasonable prices for half day and full day rates for their cars and drivers, which are the Honda City, the Toyota Camry or the Audi A4.The hotel also has one of the best Indian restaurants I have had the pleasure to eat in called the Singh Sahib, which offers good Punjabi fare and also has great live music. There is also a good Chinese and a cafe style restaurant too.The pool is outdoors and a bit of a dissappointment along with a fairlly small gym which is next to a spa offering various treatments.The Executive Club floor (or package) is worth going for as there is a plentiful supply of tea, coffee and chocoaltes all day long and a nice breakfast and snacks later on. The Club lounge also offers fantastic views from a rooftop balcony overlooking both sides of the hotel including one over the nearby Lotus Temple. The Executive package also offered free return transfers to the airport, which is a godsend in Delhi and more than makes up for the price difference. The downside of the lounge is the provision of internet access that must be paid for, so you may as well hook up in the room on a laptop which offers more privacy.All in all, a good stay with friendly staff and good size rooms and bathrooms.	
Jan 6 2009 	Sheer Bliss	My family and I recently stayed at the Intercontinental Nehru Place. As I give close attention to reviews from Trip Advisor, I was a bit concerned about the value of this stay. My concerns were alleviated, however, over the course of our time at Nehru Place. We found the Nehru Place to be exceptional. We stayed in two club rooms which were extremely comfortable. The club room included a soft bed (felt almost like a water-bed) with comforter, a spacious bathroom, an outstanding view of the Lotus Temple, and top of the line bathroom amenities. We also had access to the Club Lounge which was the best Club lounge I have been to in India-highlights of the lounge included great food with pleasant views of the city. The lobby of the hotel is gorgeous while the hotel restaurants are top of the line (we ate dinner at the Indian restaurant which included great food and live music). What set this hotel apart from the rest was our experience with the concierge who went out of his way to help us with future travel plans to Agra and to find a hotel package suitable to our needs and budget. The one shortcoming of our stay was check-in. I believe that the Nehru Place could grow by improving its Club Room check-in. We highly recommend Nehru place (especially with a Club Room) to anyone looking to experience five star luxury at a great value in Delhi.	
Dec 17 2008 	Disappointing...	Anyone who has experienced Indian 5 star hotels comes to expect a lot in terms of quality of the hotel and service. In that light, this hotel is a disappointment. It is stuck in time 15 years ago in more ways than one. The carpets smell musty, the decor is jaded, the rooms are ordinary, the staff seems bored and even the supposed traditional Indian welcome seems contrived....The breakfast is the standard buffet you can expect in such a hotel. No surprises or shocks. Yes the location is very convenient to check out Delhi. If you are lucky you can get a room with a view to the Lotus temple which is a beautiful structure. But at the price it is a rip off. There are other hotels around with similar or better offerings at a significantly lower price. If you must stay in an Intercontinental chain hotel then the Crowne Plaza in Gurgaon is a far better property.	
Dec 10 2008 	Perfect stay at InterContinental	A wonderful place to stay that has thought through every apsect of a stay and has taken care of every detail. We were there 3 days/2 nights found it to be a great place to sleep, eat, meet , work and relax. It was also very easy to operate from, to get in and out of, to get to the places we wanted to go to.	
Nov 3 2008 	good	great hotel, great facilities there, allways ready to help, less time consuming services, great food.	
Oct 15 2008	Great Business Hotel	I've come to expect a certain level of service at Intercontinental hotels around the world, and the Nehru Palace doesn't disappoint. The hotel is well maintained, the staff is very professional and is eager to help, and the rooms are well appointed and very comfortable (you can even select one of many styles of pillow you want). The 24-hour fitness facility is well equipped with treadmills, ellipticals, stairmasters and a variety of weight machines (There is also a spa and yoga/aerobics service, but I did not use either).As people have stated earlier, the breakfast buffet is fantastic. The same restaurant also serves a lunch and dinner buffet, which is quite nice. For transportation, the hotel does offer a driver service for pick-up and drop-off at the airport for about Rs.2,200. The driver will meet you in the arrivals hall, and the drive to the hotel is about 40-60 minutes depending on traffic.Overall a delightful experience. I hope to stay here again on future visits to New Delhi.	
Aug 7 2008 	The Place to Stay in New Delhi	The intercontinental is the hotel chain to stay at in India. The service is impeccable at this hotel. The second you walk in someone holds the door for you and you are served some fresh guava juice. The rooms are spacious and the bathrooms very nice and new. The pool and outside are quite nice as well. The buffet breakfast is a vacation in its own right. There is a few Western, Asian, and Indian breakfast. This buffet is one of the top five buffets I have ever had. The location is good as well. It is located very close to the famous Lotus Temple within walking distance actually. It is also located across from a mall with a decent selection of restruants. The hotel operates a taxi hire service where you can hire a taxi to take you around the city in an old ambassador car. This is very reasonably priced and the best way to get around the city.	
Jul 3 2008	I Like the services of this hotel	Hi, this is Prince - really i like the services of this hotel coz we have already operated one chartered plain Qantas of 220 peoples and yes in few words i want to say that hotels services was good from front office bell desk to sales person...thanks CHEERSPrince9899000220	
Jun 29 2008 	Oasis in the city	Excellent service, friendly but not imposing staff, room high standard but the bathroom a little tired with cracked plastic bath and loose electric switch hanging from the wall (reported at the time but not repaired). Food generally good, but after a sandwich in the tea lounge I was struck down the same evening with the notorious Delhi Belly.Would stay there again as the overall ambience is relaxing.	
Jun 15 2008 	Brilliant!	This hotel is absolutely fabulous...Very Grand and the service is brilliant. The moment you walk into the hotel, you are transferred into a frenzy of senses, smell, sound, sight - all very authentic and indian, beutiful insence etc etc...You cannot go wrong with this hotel, though it is far out from the city.	
Jun 11 2008 	A great week at Nehru Place	Stayed here for a week in June 2008. Staff are the best i have ever experienced.. Nothing was too much trouble. Rooms were clean and functional, flat screen TV, desk, refrigerator..Internet connection was expensive (200Rps per hour)..Car and driver to and from airport was an excellent complimentary service. Food in the Indian restaurant and breakfast was excellent. Would stay again.	
Apr 30 2008	Good hotel	We have just returned from two over night stays at this hotel. On both occasions it was a very pleasant hotel. Staff very good- competent and charming. Food at breakfast and in Indian restaurant good. Rooms quite spacious and clean.	
Apr 19 2008	A great stay	We stayed at this hotel as part of a Golden Triangle trip. This was the friendliest and best appointed hotel of our trip. The evening buffet was super - especially the chef's made to order dosa!	
Apr 12 2008	Excellent Eros	We arrived into Delhi for a couple of days relaxation before our tour of Northern India &amp; Tiger Safari.The reviews on the web had me a little concerned but I should not have worried as being an Intercontinental Hotel it more than lived up to their great reputation.The hotel was spotless, the food excellent &amp; the staff were very professional &amp; yet friendly at the same time.I thought the hotel was magnificent &amp; would recommend it for business &amp; leisure travellers.We stayed again at the end of our tour just to wind down before the return home to the UK.	
Mar 17 2008 	Lovely rooms to relax in	This hotel was booked for us by a travel agent and having read other peoples reviews I was quite anxious about staying there, but my worries were put to rest when I arrived at the hotel. After being a very busy tour for 4 days I welcomed relaxing in the luxurious room. The hotel is beauitful and the rooms are excellent, exactly what you would expect from a 5 star hotel. My only complaint is that after lunch in the lobby lounge, I was knocked out for the rest of my stay with &quot;delhi belly&quot;.	
Mar 8 2008 	Great Hotel	Having read the recent reviews I was somewhat hesitent to stay at the Intercontinental but after staying there for a couple of days I must say that I was very happy with the hotel. I did not come across any construction or renovation at the hotel.The hotel is very clean and modern. The pool are area is very large and pleasant. The rooms are a decent size and have most of the amenities required.I found the staff to be professional and adequate. The hotel had a couple restaurants with various chinese, indian and international selections. They also had a great buffet.Overall, I was very satisfied with my stay and I would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 21 2008	good for short stay	Very clean hotel with lots of marble and modern design. Small shopping centre nearby. Several restaurants to choose from but only sampled main buffet restaurant which was pretty average. Mostly Indian food with small choice of international dishes.We stayed for 2 nights which was about right., not a hotel for longer stays.	
Oct 3 2007	Tourist = $$$	Nice Hotel but in a single room you never sleep along, as hotel is being restructured, mice run around rooms, good luck	
Sep 23 2007 	Noisy - lots of traffice noise/car alarms etc	My company booked this hotel for me. I checked in and asked for a quiet room. they gave me room 708 and it was very noisy as the hotel is surrounded on all sides by busy streets full - just normal delhi traffic such as constant horn blowing, two stroke engines etc and then add in the car parks and car alarms plus thin windows and it is a noisy experience. I spoke to the staff about a quieter room and all the rooms are the same as they are all exposed to the outside roads. I stayed at this hotel for a total of 3 hours and couldn't stand it anymore and changed hotels.The room was small and tired looking and also smelt pretty bad.I checked out and there were no surprises on the bill so they charged Inr12,000 plus 1,625 luxury tax and the internet was 800 + 100 VAT + service tax 99 so the total bill Inr14,623 or US$365 for three hours.	
Sep 4 2007	What a disgrace	Were do we start?really need to improve this one - Hong Kong hotel is 20 out of 10, this one is 0. room is so old and tired no life in it carpet had stains on itbed is sagging no shower in the bathroom, have to stand in the shower which has paint peeling off then at night when the next room flush the toilet it wake you up. Want to go out of hotel and see or buy something but also no shops or anything nearby to see and the only shops in the hotel are carpet sellers sorry never again. will next time go back to another hotel	
Sep 3 2007 	Good facilities	I have not stayed in this hotel however when in Delhi I always go on Sunday for the fantastic buffet lunch and a swim.You buy a day pass at the gym for the pool which allows you to use the lockers, showers etc and they give you a towel.The buffet on Sundays is fantastic. There are several parts to the buffet with salads, hot food, desserts, cheeses etc. There is always two sections which change each week... one where it is different hot food cooked on the spot ie: chinese, pasta, seafood etc and another where it is a cold food prepared on the spot like sushi.There is always a chocolate fountain on the dessert table which is delicious.	
May 8 2007	good hotel but serious management problems	I have stayed at this hotel a few times over the last few years and have reviewed it in the past.The good things are still good - excellent restaurants, friendly staff etc.But when I got home I found that my credit card had been charged TWICE for my stay. I settled my bill in full when I left, and that charge was on my statement. But an identical charge was ALSO on my statement, dated a few days later. So the hotel double-charged me. I have asked my assistant to sort this out with the hotel but surely the hotel should make sure that this doesn't happen in the first place.	
May 4 2007 	A fantastic hotel with major problems	This is such a fantastic 5 star hotel. So beautiful and sparkling clean with fantastic service and food. The Spa and gym is great and they have a beautiful outdoor pool. If you do not have a reason to be closer to the city this is a good choice. However my problems started on the InterContinental Reservation line. I spoke to a friendly woman who quoted me a price for a Club Room and I booked my reservation. I was soon contacted and told that she made a mistake and no price existed for the Club Room Category. I let them know that was not my fault and that they should still honor the quoted price. They eventually did and a division of InterContinental Hotels ended up picking up the tab for the 3,000 rupee difference. That was only my first problem. I was there for a special occasion and soon found that the room above was having major construction. We had to listen to pounding and jackhammers for 3 days. I became very from what had to be the hotel food and had to extend my stay by 1 night. I was contacted 4 times by phone by different front desk emplyees to let me know that I would be paying a much higher rate for the extra night. In addition, I receieved a note under my door and the duty manager called to be sure that I knew this. It was excessive and not very good timing given my stomach illness. The last straw was when I shut the dressing room closet and the glass shelf of the bar collapsed (the bolt fell out of the wall) and the entire shelf and contents of the mini bar shattered on and around me feet. This was not only inconvenient by dangerous. I called and house keeping was sent to clean the mess but I was never contacted by anyone else to check as to my condition after the misahap. Upon checkout they tried to charge me for the broken bottles though I had made sure that the Manager knew of the situation. Any problems that you may encounter in this hotel are brushed over. They want to pretend that everything is perfect when in fact it is not. They also tried to charge me for a much higher rate and I had to insist that the Duty Manager get involved. Forget trying to get access to t he GM as they will not allow it. This hotel has big problems. It is a shame as it is so gorgeous. The service in the restaurants and the room attendants is fantastic. It is just the management and front desk personnel that are a problem.	
Apr 10 2007 	Good choice in Delhi in ~$US200 range	My wife and I stayed a couple nights at the Intercontinental Nehru Place after wrapping-up a one-month trip in Rajasthan. Delhi is expensive, and hotels are often poor value. This hotel is not cheap (around $230 after taxes), but it's a plush, comfortable, quiet hotel that is good value for Delhi.	
Mar 23 2007	more problems than solutions	i stay there only one night, but to use wireless in the hotel not possible, when i did the check out they forget to charge me some phone calls, so i advise than about it, we lost about 20minutes to find the phone calls, and they charge me some calls not completed.I advise about the problem but the guy don't do nothing. i hope next time stay in other place more thurst.	
Mar 5 2007	Fantastic hotel sheer decadence.	Clean, tidy and polite staff, from the bell boy to the duty manager nothing was too much. I would stay here again without question. India is expensive currently as there is a shortage of good quality hotel rooms. This hotel costs a similar amount to some much poorer properties in New Delhi perhaps 20% more but worth the investment	
Feb 24 2007 	Fabulous hotel with outstanding service	This hotel was fantastic! From the moment I arrived, I was treated like royalty. The staff even knew my name. Anything I wanted, they were more than happy to help with. The room was large and comfortable. The bed and bedding were luxurious, and they provided a pillow menu if you wanted a different type of pillow. The room had all of the essentials you would need if you did not have your luggage—the desk had an adapter plug, tape, stapler, staples, ruler, etc., they gave me a clean robe and slippers every day, there was even an emergency flashlight, a daily tray of apples, complimentary bottled water, toothbrush and toothpaste, razor…and more. It was a wonderful experience. The towels were so soft, and if you have been in India a while you will really appreciate the hot water, great shower, and actual bathtub. My room was cleaned quite well. I was given a smoking room because I arrived close to midnight, but when they called the next morning to see when I wanted to change rooms, I said I would just stay because the room was fine and did not even smell like smoke. I left my camera n the lobby and the staff found it and brought it to me. I purchased a sari, but mentioned to one of the girls in the lobby that I did not know how to put it on, so she came up to my room with me and showed me how to wrap a sari! They were all so warm and welcoming. For a woman traveling alone, that is important. The food from the “coffee shop” was also outstanding. I ate almost all Indian food and it was great, plus the service was excellent. I will definitely want to stay at this hotel again.	
Feb 13 2007	A star performer	Superb! Came here from the awful Ashok and it was like a different world. Superb staff, clean and efficient, great restaurants. Not quite so central but you always use taxi anyway and it is a price worth paying for this real quality.Would come again to experience the sheer delight of such a great hotel.	
Feb 10 2007 	Avoid bad experience	I was on a 2 week business trip to India and was looking forward to my stay here as all the other hotels I have stayed in here have been excellent. However, this place has some major problems. All sorts of issues that add up to an irritating and unsatisfactory experience. First, I booked a non smoking room. When I went to check in there were no non smoking rooms available and they told me that I could have a smoking room and change tomorrow. When I book something normally it's booked - right? I didn't expect to book something and find it was not really booked. I got the impression there was a big conference that had block booked some rooms, and my one person stay was not too important to them. The room they put me in is above an intersection of 3 streets and as anyone knows who has been to India, on the streets they honk their car horns constantly. This would not have been a problem if the windows closed properly in the room, but they seem to be screwed in place, with some of the screws coming loose, with the effect that some of the windows don't open or close properly and the effect is that the car horn noise comes into the room constantly. The room is OK but pretty shabby. The front control panel is missing from the television. The bathroom does not look particularly clean. Wireless internet is advertised but the wireless does not connect. I was under the impression that having put me in a smoking room I didn't want when I arrived, that someone was going to call me the day after I arrived, to let me know when I was switching rooms - nothing happened. It is the service here that is really lacking. I was knocked out by the service standards of the first hotel I stayed in (the ITC Sheraton &amp; Towers in Chennai), but the service here is poor by the normally high Indian standards. They have this system where you dial &quot;9&quot; for any requests, this links you their &quot;Instant Help Center&quot;. This is a good idea in principle, but the people who answer the phone have such a very poor grasp of English that it can be an irritating experience. I called &quot;9&quot; to ask they why I had not been contacted about changing rooms. They answered the phone with the words &quot;can I help you sir?&quot;, I explained the situation, long pause on the other end of the line, the person then said &quot;can I help you sir?&quot;, I explained again, long pause at the other end of the line, the person then said &quot;can I help you sir?&quot;. You get the picture, you might as well talk to the cat. Instant, but not exactly help. I finally said, &quot;you can't understand anything I'm saying - can you?&quot;, they then said &quot;one moment sir&quot;, pause for 2 minutes of &quot;hold music&quot;. The receptionist was then out on the phone and gave me the impression that they had no intentions of contacting me about my room change, it was kind of up to me to remind them. Not impressive. I also asked them why it was 2pm and my room had not been cleaned. They said there must have been a &quot;DND&quot; notice on the room when the cleaner was there. Why do people in a customer care role use meaningless jargon when dealing with the public? I finally figured out that DND meant &quot;do not disturb&quot;. True - there was a &quot;Do not disturb&quot; notice on my room at 8am, but I'd kinda hoped that between 8am and 2pm a cleaner might have returned. The concierge service was a similarly disappointing experience. I went down there this morning and got some information about a trip to Agra to see the Taj Mahal. The guy gave me some information and I said I'd think about it and come back later. About 4 hours later I went back to the concierge desk and it was unmanned. I waited, and waited and waited. Around 10 minutes went by, with receptionist staff at my side (sometimes not even serving customers) simply ignoring me. I finally got hold of one of the receptionists to try to see where the concierge was and they got hold of somebody. I thought this guy was also a concierge, but it turned out it was just someone they got hold of, he didn't have much of a clue how to help me, but said the concierge would call me by four. Four came and went and I called the ever useful &quot;9&quot; number and asked to be put through to the concierge, long pause again, the receptionist answered and stated that the concierge still was not around, but he would call me in 10 minutes. Thirty minutes later I gave upon getting a phone call and went down to the concierge desk and found him myself. The electricity here also seems to drop out for around 5 seconds, I was sitting in the bath last night and the lights went out. Each time the lights have gone out they have come back on again, but I fear they may not one time. Also a note for all us Americans and Western Europeans who are used to smoking being banned in enclosed public spaces. Word of warning - it is not here, and worse, there is little or no sign-posting to indicate where you can smoke and where you cant. I was having a coffee and a pastry in the coffee area just off reception (where the service was very unresponsive and slow) when I was engulfed in tobacco fumes. This is a pretty horrible experience when you are not used to it. I would not recommend this place, they seem complacent and don't seem to care about their customers. The ITC Sheraton's I have stayed in here have much cleaner rooms and their service standard are excellent.	
Jan 28 2007 	Treated like royalty!	Stayed at this property twice, and had a fabulous stay both times. On our first stay, we arived after midnight, yet it seemed that the entire staff came out to greet us in a receiving line. We were presented with a wrapped gift (a photobook of India) and whisked up to our room, an 1100 sq ft suite. The suite was full of fruit platters, cookies, and flower arrangements, including a 3 foot tall arrangement in the bedroom. The suite was immaculate, and rollaway beds were made up for the children. Both bathrooms were supplied with every imaginable amenity, and the bed was heavenly. On Xmas morning stockings were left on our door, filled with cookies and candies for the kids and miniature liquor bottles for the adults. Service in the breakfast restaurant was extremely attentive, yet unobtrusive, and the staff presented us with more gifts. The club lounge is very comfortable, with very nice attentive staff, and excellent snacks (tandoori shrimp, samosas, sushi, veggies, cheeses, etc., etc.); the only tiny minus is that due to liquor laws, children are not allowed in the club lounge when alcohol is being served. The restaurant Singha Sahib was truly amazing; much, much better than the acclaimed Bukhara at the Sheraton. Upon departure, the restaurant staff packed us a huge complementary lunch to eat on our voyage to Agra. Simply a perfect stay, and we truly felt like royalty.	
Jan 25 2007	They charged me twice	The front desk at this hotel is terrible. They don't know what they are doing. I booked thru Orbitz and my reservation was fully paid for before I arrived. I even brought the receipts with me. When I went to check out, they said that they didn't receive my payment from Orbitz yet. I showed them my receipt and told them to call orbitz. They insisted on taking my credit card. I was very reluctant to give it to them and finally when a manager assured me that a hotel like the Intercontinental would not double charge, I finally gave in. Well I checked my bill today, and they charged me for the reservation. I am so annoyed. I spent my entire evening trying to straighten this out. It is a complete waste of time. I hate this hotel right now. Do Not Stay Here. 	
Jan 14 2007 	Beautiful hotel but pricey facilities	This hotel is beautiful and opulent, as you would expect of a hotel of this price range and class. We stayed here in January 2007 for a couple of nights at either end of a golden triangle tour. The rooms are lovely, furnished well and with a super bathroom (see uploaded photos). My parent’s room did smell of smoke but they were given a non-smoking room when they asked to change so no problem there. The bed was definitely the highlight- it was like sinking in to a cloud! We slept wonderfully. Unfortunately with a hotel of this price the facilities of the hotel were also very expensive, to the point of being unreasonable (in our opinion). An hour of internet was priced at 600 Rs (7 GBP) and when we had to make two urgent 10 minute STD calls to Chennai (south India) from the room we were shocked upon checkout to be charged 2700 Rs for this (over 30 GBP). We were also told at checkout rather abruptly that we had to pay for our breakfast! So we then had to insist that they check the booking and that breakfast was indeed included in our rate. This was a bit of a pain, and the reception staff were quite difficult, but they did eventually concede their mistake once they had checked the booking. Overall, a beautiful hotel with gorgeous beds, but careful they don’t con you on all the extras unless your company is picking up the bill!	
Jan 7 2007 	Better than Imperial IMO.	We did not choose this hotel because booking on its own would've been out of our budget. However, we were fast-talked into some Golden Triangle package, and when we did the math, there was significant savings on the nightly rate for this place. We stayed at this hotel on the last leg of the package, which was our next-to-last night in India. I did not care for India in general, but for those who wish to go there (or return), I would recommend this place. To me, it made up for the hassles and substandard facilities that I had to endure prior to checking into the IC. I found this place far more impressive than the Imperial (where I stayed the majority of the time in Dehli), albeit without its history. It's a nice business-class hotel, and I thought it was tourist-friendly as well, although most other guests there were on business. I am very picky and am used to American standards in hotels, but I was still fairly impressed. No problems in check-in/out, professionally handled. I don't recall any problems with the room. I loved the public areas and the lovely bakery. I didn't have a chance to use the pool. I worked out in the ladies' gym. My only problem was that the jacuzzi was slimy inside. Ew. So I didn't use it. Although the gym was fine, I've used better spa facilities, but still overall the place was better than anywhere else I could've afforded to stay (didn't try the Oberoi).	
Dec 19 2006 	loved the service	I stayed at intercontinetal in december 2006. Check in was easy, staff very friendly. Food in the restaurant was delecious with lot to choose from in the buffett.Rooms are nice and clean and beds are made twice a day and staff is always wanting to go extra mile to help the customers. I will definitely stay here on my next visit to delhi.Only drawback is distance from the international airport which is about 45-60 minutes drive.	
Nov 1 2006 	A great experience	My husband and I stayed at this hotel in October for 5 nights and found it to be excellent. We had a package for our whole trip to Delhi/Agra and everything went like clockwork. The tour operators (Go India Tours) collected us from the airport and took us to the hotel - arriving at about 3.00am to a warm welcome and to find our hotel room ready for us. We had a delightful room, quite large and with a king sized bed, and spacious marble bathroom. Whenever we requested a car during our stay, one was available instantly. Perhaps this is the answer to the previous critic - order a car on demand!The breakfast buffet choices were extensive, and every taste was catered for. We had dinner at the Sing Sahib restaurant and the lamb shanks were really divine! I totally recommend them. We went to dinner at the famous Imperial Hotel for lunch one day, and on one night ate at their Spice Route Restaurant. The restaurant was just mangnificant, but unfortunately the food not good at all. The food was much better at the InterContinental.The only problem with our room was the plumbing in the bathroom was a bit noisy, and the water did not drain away when showering. We did not advise them about this - we just did not get around to it, so we really should not complain.Our trip to Agra was fantastic - our tour company collected us from the hotel and physically put us in our first class train seats. We were met in Agra and had a wonderful day checking out the Taj Mahal and the Agra Fort. Everything went to plan and we had a terrific day.The Business Centre is very good, but they do charge you for internet use. It was not very expensive.All in all, a very nice 5 star hotel and we would definately stay here again.	
Oct 10 2006 	Nice Hotel frustrating experience with the Staff	We booked at this luxury hotel, hoping for a relaxing weekend in Delhi.Before arriving at the hotel I called two days ahead and requested that a driver pick us up from the airport. I provided my arrival time, and the hotel said he would be there with a placard with our names and a hotel sign. On our arrival, we spend about 15 minutes looking for our driver. A helpful airport employee called the Hotel &amp; put us in touch with the front desk. The Hotel stated that they didn't have any flight or arrival information so couldn't send a car. I provided this information days earlier, and was verbally told everything was in order. We waited another 30 minutes for another driver to pick us up, and of course were charged for it.I had also made a call to the Hotel to line up a driver for a day trip to Agra &amp; the Taj Mahal. The concierge on the phone quoted us a price which I agreed to, and he confirmed we would have a driver Saturday morning at 7am and a tour guide for the Taj. He told us that we could pay at the concierge desk when we arrived. The first night we arrived at the hotel, we stopped by the concierge desk to pay. They said they couldn't find any information on our tour request! We started from scratch &amp; booked a tour that night. Fortunately a driver picked us up the next day &amp; we had a great day trip. This was the second major lapse by the staff.Our room was nice, clean and elegant. One of the main problems on our floor (5th), is that they must have just re-varnished all the woodwork on that floor. The fumes were overwhelming to the point of nausea. Luckily our room wasn't too bad.The meals were good at the restaurants, they had an ATM close by, and the facilities including the spa were very nice.The final day we had another communicaton breakdown. We had requested a driver at 12noon the last day to take us to the airport. When we checked out, no one had any idea about a driver. Luckily the bell captain made a call and we had one shortly.With the premium price of this 5-star hotel, we were very disapointed with our service. Our three attempts to line up transportation were either lost or forgotten requiring us to double &amp; triple check all of our arrangements. Not something I would expect from even a three-star hotel. We'll be staying elsewhere on our next trip.Marc - USA	
Oct 3 2006 	Fabulous facilities good rooms	Was in Delhi for an extended time over the summer and decided to splurge for a weekend. First was showed to a room facing the street--our request for a view of the Lotus Temple and the pool in the back was granted; however, not without delays. The wrong set of keys were sent up and when the right set came they got stuck in the door for some time. The lady who showed us the room was obviously flustered and the bellboy tried to be helpful. Staff are desperately in need of some training. Finally, got it open after 15 minutes waiting outside our room. One other thing, a constant alarm in the adjacent stairwell was buzzing for a few hours in the middle of the night; called operator twice until it stopped. Other than these episodes, rooms were clean; comfy beds; massage and spa were great. Great big and clean pool. For the price and quality of facilities, I would stay here again over the Imperial Hotel.	
Sep 27 2006 	Getting even better	I stayed at this hotel about a year ago and had loved its location as I had found that it was close to most of areas I had planned to visit. It was a good experience then, the staff was friendly, the services easily comparable to any other five star in Asia and pretty good value for money. This year due to sheer convenience I once again stayed there. Though the hotel's standard services are still the same one expects from every 5 star hotel, it was the little things they did that made time there so great. Tired from the flight it was a sheer delight to see that I was met at the door and taken directly to the door of my room, baffled I even asked don't I need to check in ? and the answer with a smile was Sir, you are being checked in. Little things like that continued, people always ready to attend to you everywhere. Another thing was if you did actually need something, all you had to do was press one button and the operator did the rest, no matter what you needed... no more dialling different nos. for your diff. needs. Thank God! I tried their chinese restaurant this time...I was thrilled by the authentic cuisine put together by an actual chef from East Asia.All in all, this place is only getting better, I am already looking forward to my experience when I stay there during my next visit.	
Aug 18 2006 	Sorry sir we don't know you	I stayed at this hotel on a business trip, and arrived in the early hours of the morning to be greeted at the front desk with &quot;You don't have a reservation&quot;. Evidently the office at the hotel taking bookings doesn't always make the reservation in the system. Then, for a later stay, I made a reservation at the front desk when I arrived for my first stay, only to be told later (but only when I checked at the end of that first stay) that they didn't have rooms available except on standby basis. Why not tell me this up-front? Or did they not actually make the reservation when asked? The front desk staff need a better attitude to customer service, and to actually do what they say they will do.The rooms are good, and clean: I've stayed in both the Club rooms and one of the Suites. The pillow menu is a nice touch, as is the choice in the room of both feather and synthetic pillows.I never did get the Internet access in the rooms to work, but didn't have time to mess around with their business centre.Another minor irritation was the insistence the doorman made on taking cases away from you on arrival, only to abandon them in the lobby for a period of time. The customer should be given a choice about being parted from luggage or not.	
Aug 3 2006 	Luxury Home Away from our Home	Me and my Family were more than pleased to be met at the main porch right at the Taxi. The man with a professional conversation took us to the Lobby and we with a small break we were taken to our room. I was really tired and wanted to keep away from the normal formality.During the stay when I came back one evening, the Manager at the reception with red tie offered me a complimentary juice and welcomed me back home. What would a tired man of the day wants.Restaurants were clean and the staff was lovely.Rooms were old but well maintained.There is noice travelling from outside. Internet is of good speed.Staff overall is just great.	
Jul 9 2006	Trying Hard	Stayed for 3 days. Room service- excellent. Some reception staff very cool,some get very stressed. One person didnt have a clue and treated us , as if we were staying in her home for free. 24 hour restaurant -you can still see flies allover. music too loud for conversation.	
Jul 7 2006	Imperfect but good. The restaurants were great.	We had 2 rooms for 3 days during an off-peak season. Our price was quite good (6580 Rupees plus tax).The only substantial problem we had was the air conditioning didn't work in one of our rooms. Partial air conditioning was restored within 12 hours, but in the heat of summer, you'd expect a top hotel to apologize profusely, refund your room or offer another room, or something similar. The thermostats and climate control systems were old, but most of the hotel facilities had been updated. The beds, linens, and pillows were very good.The restaurants were extremely good, the menus were interesting, and the wait staff were able to predict some of our special requests. They handled small children well, but the meal wasn't any faster when we explained we were in a hurry. The restaurant prices were high (120 plus tax for a bottle of lesser-brand mineral water) but comparable to other restaurants in top hotels.The business center staff were helpful for establishing internet connections (which wasn't trivial.) Much of the service was quite attentive to detail, such as when the hotel porters put the suitcase on the luggage stand and put the briefcase on the desk, instead of dumpingeverything by the bed.I agree that the front desk staff was not good. They were too easily overtaxed by their regular job duties and they were brusque about handling special requests. Even though they weren't dealing with other customers when I was there, they seemed to feel overstressed and frazzled. There were some other little things that weren't quite perfect. For example, there was a pianist playing in he lobby, but the piano was terribly out of tune. But just the fact that there was a live musician in the lobby tells you that there is a tremendous effortto provide a luxury experience. As one would expect I found this hotel to be far superior to the Metropolitan Hotel Nikko.	
Jun 12 2006 	Worst Front Desk I have EVER encountered!		
Jun 5 2006 	Great to come back in the evening		
May 1 2006	Sheik Sahib...Loved it		
Mar 20 2006	Wonderful Transition Home		
Feb 23 2006	Really excellent business choice		
Feb 7 2006	Interesting Reservation System!		
Dec 29 2005	Great respite from Delhi		
Dec 5 2005 	Surprising but overwhelmingly fantastic!		
Oct 27 2005 	Very pleasant stay		
Apr 2 2005	Fungus in wine bottle		
Dec 27 2008 	Etwas in die Jahre gekommenes Grosshotel		
Oct 3 2007	Puzzolente		
