Nov 25 2009	Amazing!	what can i say... drive through the area it is situated in and you are thinking the worst.. but turn the corner and the Avalon comes out of nowhere! Fantastically designed hotel with great rooms and good food! Gym and pool is always a nice addition which the avalon certainly does not lack. Only one quarm i can think of and that was the shower door not fitting properly leading to a large puddle of water on the bathroom floor. Apart from that... Amazing.	
Oct 3 2009	Claustrophobic and No-maza	The approach road to Avalon appears unfriendly and dilapidated. I don't think you want to take a stroll around the hotel. Inside the courtyard the rooms are trendy and has a mini kitchenette. The long french windows lead into nothing ... err a completely covered space. No fun. We used the place to grab a night's sleep as we kept ourselves busy with NewDelhi during day times. The courtyard boasts of a heated indoor pool, but the heating system wasn't functioning during our stay. Breakfast spread is ok.	
Aug 31 2009 	Modern and pleasant but totally out of the way!	The Avalon was a pleasure to walk into - bright and spacious reception with modern decor. Very clean and pleasant check in procedure. Lovely double room - almost a suite, very well equipped with TV, sofa, comfy bed with clean and fresh bedding. Staff were friendly and attentive when required.Downside is the location....we booked this through an agent and so did not realise the location otherwise would not have stayed here. If you want to wander into town (Delhi), this is the wrong place to stay. If you want to stay in a quieter hotel in a residential area then this might be for you.	
Jul 29 2009 	Awful Location dry (alcohol) hotel drivers with scams for money but lovely rooms.	Fortunately, the only savior with this hotel is the rooms are completely fantastic. We arrived in the evening and found our room entirely lovely. However on the following morning we booked a car through the hotel, only to be scammed by the 'guide'. The staff are entirely lovely and the restaurant is decent. IF YOU DRINK THIS IS NOT YOUR HOTEL, as this district of dehli is completely dry. Also you must keep in mind that if you travel outside of this hotel you may need to pay a tax to get entry back into the district (your taxi will not pay this fee). It is also far from the sights and city center so be prepared to pay around 700Rs for 40m or 4 hours and then fees above if doing any sightseeing. We probably would NOT go back because of location and proximity to anything in Dehli worth seeing.	
Jul 28 2009 	Ultra modern clean and very friendly	I stayed in one of the Residence suits which was lovely - spacious, well equipped with kitchen, large bathroom, sofa, TV and very comfortable bed.The staff were delightful, really friendly and helpful.The spa was very nice and all facilities were included in the room priceInternet was super fast but expensive at 500RS for 2 hoursBreakfast was also delicious.It took just 30 minutes to get from the hotel to the airport for my homebound flight so it was really convenient as an overnight stop.	
Jun 16 2009 	good hotel but far from center	I move to this hotel as i booked at Raunak hotel but it was nightmare there. this hotel is far from center about 30 mins but it's about 20 mins to airport and about 15 mins to big shopping mall which i am happy over there. the residence room is nice as it's similar to service apartment. you got living area and kitchen counter with microwave and shower. but shower always leaking out from the shower door and i rang the staff since teh first day but never come to fix it. the water is all over the floor everytimes i had a shower but the overall of the room is good. the hotel lobby is nice with modern style. the staffs is ok but not really communicate among themself first. i was plan to go to lotus temple and reception guy call to chek that it's open or not. he said it's open on that day but when we went their it was close. also, when we already booked the taxi to go to the airport. 3 staffs keep asking did you book the taxi yet and they want to charge me for the taxi even my package in my guest profile said 'included 1 way trasfer to airport'. the room service food is nice there but the breakfast is quite abit limit in choices. the internet is expensive also. it's RS 250 per hour. we paid at 3,500RS per night and i stay for 4 nights which i'm quite happy with the overall.	
Jun 2 2009 	Very nice Room Nice Hotel Awful Location	Sutese were very nice. Very modern and well equipped. Terrible view from window of high canvas fence installed I am sure to hide the view of the quite awful neighbourhood outside.Restaurant was nice with very pleasant staff. Food was fine if somewhat limited in choice. The restaurant was unlicenced and there was no bar in the hotel.Swimming Pool (Indoor) was unfortunately so cold we were not brave enough to use it. Otherwise recreation area was very good.	
Oct 24 2008 	GReat Hotel	This is a very nice, clean well serviced hotel. Location isn't great but for a nice room and attentive staff, it is fantastic. The gym is great, on staff massages available. The food is fine--and they staff will attempt to make anything for you. the internet is really good, although expensive.A great find.	
Jul 5 2008 	Pub with no beer!	We arrived at the Avalon Courtyard after flying in from Australia.We travelled along rutted filthy streets in the rain so our first impression of India was not so good.The driver pulled into a lane way and said here we are, we couldn't see a hotel!Once inside a huge and atractive atruim apeared, it was very nice, our room was lovely, very big with kitchenette, living area and bedroom with well appointed bathroom, a good suprise.The restaurant served excellent food, only one drawback.....it is a dry hotel, no bar, no liquor served at all and it is in the midle of nowhere so nowehere to go and buy any.For a group of Aussies arriving after 14 hours of travelleing that was not a good thing.Other than the location and lack of beverage it is a very good value hotel that I would hapily recomend, just BYO!	
Mar 24 2008	Easy entry to India	Very clean, modern and reasonably quiet. Breakfast was served early for us as we were on an early train to Agra.	
Mar 14 2008 	Ultra modern noisy and charmless.	My girlfriend and I stayed at this hotel for one night at the end of our recent holiday.The Avalon Courtyard is ultra modern and totally lacking in any of the character and charm we experienced during our stays at all the other wonderful heritage hotels and palaces throughout our trip. To say my girlfriend hated it would not be an over statement.When you enter it, you feel like you are walking onto the set of some science fiction movie. All the rooms open out onto corriders which overlook a central courtyard/atrium.There is one cafe style restaurant from which you could sit and watch people in the indoor pool if anyone used it. The hotel at the time of our stay (9th March 2008) had no licence to sell alcohol.As mentioned by the earlier reviewer, it is not conveniently located for access to other bars and restaurants, so a taxi would be necessary should you wish to do so. When we asked why this hotel was chosen for our last night, the reason given was its proximity to the airport.The room was very modern and clean although quite small. There was no bath. The walls must be incredibly thin as I counted next door's alarm going off 5 times as the occupant made maximum use of the snooze facility. The windows are single glazed and serve only to keep the rain out, since they are more or less ineffective at keeping out Delhi's noise. The view from our room was of a concrete wall separated from us by only 20 feet or so.On the positive side, the staff were extremely courteous and friendly. One even took the trouble to return my suitcase keys to me which I had accidently left in the room when we checked out!Overall, I would say if you can avoid staying here then do so. If not, then treat it as a stopover en-route to somewhere better.	
Oct 29 2007 	Nice rooms friendly helpful staff	New property that had just opened this month. Rooms are spacious and well suited for a medium term stay. Microwave, couch and a small frig in each room. Beds are great. Very nice gym with new equipment. Drawbacks were a challenging location, nothing close by within walking distance so taxis required. Property faces village road with two ninety degree turns on the same block. Cars horns are used to warn motorist and pedestrians as they approach the corners. Staying towards the back of property is recommended.	
