Oct 19 2009 	Incredible hotel incredible service incredible food	If you are looking for a smaller hotel with amazing customer service and mouthwatering food...The Manor is your place. The staff at the hotel were very attentive and catered to each and every one of our needs. We dined at 'Indian accent' which was one of the best dining experiences of my life. The food was out of this world...so innovative...I would say it is 'Indian food like its never been eaten before'...There is a large area outside the restaurant where you can sit and enjoy good food and fine wine or just unwind with friends. Soft music plays and gentle lighting creating a very relaxing ambience. The rooms were spacy and clean and service was incredible. I would definitely recommend this to others who visit the city. I have stayed at the Sheraton, Taj and Oberoi...and interestingly, I have found that my experience at 'The Manor' was by far the best.	
Oct 3 2009 	A quiet oasis in a busy city	At the end of your trip through India we treated us with a stay in The Manor.The service, the design, the nice location exceeded what we had expected!We felt at home immediately.The restaurant also needs to be mentioned since the food was really excellent and delicious.	
Sep 10 2009 	Unbeatable personalised service exquisite food reasonable rates	Everything about our stay at this small boutique hotel exceeded our expectations. The service we received was the best we have ever experienced and it didn't cost the earth. All of the staff were warm, friendly and took a keen interest in ensuring our stay was as enjoyable as possible. Likewise the food was superb (although not cheap). There was a welcome air of tranquility to counter the hustle and bustle of the city and I'd definitely go there again on my next visit to New Delhi.	
Aug 19 2009 	a true boutique property	The Manor is a &quot;true&quot; boutique hotel! The biggest attraction is the personalized service, a warmth which is so missing in 5 star hotels. It's a small 15 room property, set in a bunglow with nice green lawns. The interiors were very pleasing - contemporary with marigold flowers placed interestingly adding a beautiful Indian touch.The staff were so helpful in getting us all organized for our trip to Jaipur and then Agra. To be honest, it was such a welcome change experiencing true hospitality...and the food was absolutely divine!! The restaurant there is an essential stop for every foodie. We had no idea that Indian food could ever be like this. We would definitely recommend this hotel!	
May 31 2009 	The facility is a wreck beneath the surface	Dont do this unless you have some assurance of change. Hot water and Internet did not work, water from AC was over floor, the foot massage offered is for a mere 15 minutes and the is very expensive. The staff is very kind but they cant fix a bad building. Sparks flew from the electrical outlet when I tried to charge my phone. This place could have ruined my trip if I had let it. Very large construction project right next door which is just beginning. Great location and room size was good.	
May 26 2009 	Great restaurant in a hidden gem of a hotel!	Was visiting friends in Delhi and decided to stay at The Manor as had heard very good things about it. We spent 3 nights there and the experience was truly awesome. We felt we were transported to a private secluded world away from everything. Though the property is not too large with only 15 odd rooms but the comforts can match those in 5 star hotels. The service was perfect, not too intrusive. A special mention of the food in their new restaurant Indian Accent - I have never had such amazing food in India before.it was world class fare and the chef was willing to go out of his way to accommodate my request for light meals on certain days as well.Coming back to the hotel each evening after the hustle bustle of Delhi city was like coming home.... definitely recommended.	
Apr 21 2009 	Could not wait to get out of there!	Booked a final night of a wonderful trip to Rajasthan in the Manor Hotel - based on positive reviews on T.A. Big mistake! Whilst the service was OK, the rooms were unclean and and made you feel dirty as soon as you walked in. We changed the first room immediately (think stains all over the ripped carpet and furniture, bad smells and dirty bathroom), the second was only marginally better. These were two of their best superior rooms.We had dinner, which was OK, nothing memorable.Overall I would definitely avoid.	
Apr 1 2009 	Overall disappointed with manor!	I wonder when i read other reviews if i stayed in the same hotel!the hotel is in a quiet safe location,on arrival we were offered coffee,this failed to appear,offered complimentary head and foot massage,by the time the masseuse arrived it was too late.We had rooms 1 and 2,room 1 had a damp smell,hair dryer didn`t work,although reported was never changed.room 2 was dark,and we had lights on at all times,this room was tired!!curtains needed a clean,terrace needed a sweep,fittings in the bathroom need updating!no tea or coffee facilities in rooms.We had to use spray in room as mosquitoes kept appearing.Tried to book for dinner,but it was the night of introducing new menu to local press etc.we could sit outside on terrace,but,yes were told mosquitoes were a problem!they did pay for a taxi to take us to another restaurant.At breakfast we were the only guests,scrambled egg on soggy bread was left.There seemed to be staff training going on everywhere,maybe they should have closed for a few days.Dinner the next evening was excellent,and i believe their new menu will be a great success.the staff are excellent,especially the restaurant manager.An early start the next day with the promise of a packed meal did not appear!Hopefully the hotel will get a make over along with the new menu!would i stay again,probably not.	
Mar 30 2009 	Congratulations Trip Advisor - Great Hotel	Well done trip advisor. Chose this hotel solely on your recommendation and it is great!! Staff genuinely friendly. But the food in the restaurant is wonderful. Really is out of this world. Only staying three nights and then moving on to the &quot;Palace on Wheels&quot; but the Manor would encourage me to return to Delhi. And they also have a travel service to drive you round and see the sights.	
Jan 11 2009 	At best an average hotel but great staff	Had high expectations of this hotel given its tripadvisor ratings. In fact we also stayed at Amber (rated 2nd) and the Imperial (rated 7) during this trip to Delhi. Although I have never been let down by tripadvisor in the past on this instance I was disappointed. It may have been because it followed an impeccable and faultless stay at the Imperial for only £60 extra a night. The greeting by the staff at the Manor was friendly and efficient but the room which was in an annexe had stains on the carpeting and a gap under the door which let in annoying mosquitos. We had avoided these pesky creatures throughout our trip and were not very happy to deal with them on our last night in India. It was pretty cold in the evening and the a/c did not adequately heat the room either so we were given an electric heater. Not great for 9500 Rs a night plus 22% taxes (10% being for service charges!!). The trains rumbled past, shaking the room every 15-20 mins which interrupted our sleep. Although the bathroom looked the part, the toilet seat was old and kept falling off too. I did ask for a room change but they were fully booked (thanks to tripadvisor reviews most likely!). On the positive side, the staff were really lovely and tried to help best they could and the dinner in the restaurant was very tasty and the breakfast, although limited was very good in quality.I had asked for massages for myself and my husband but they were unable to procure the female masseuse so we just had the complimentary head and foot massage which was excellent.I think our stay would have been better if we had been in the main part of the hotel. Avoid room 15 at all costs!!!The location in South Delhi is a bit far out really and we will most likely be staying at the Imperial again on our next trip.	
Jan 9 2009 	Manor Motivates to Visit New Delhi again!	We dealt primarily with Manish and must congratulate the Manor on having such a cheerful, informed, efficient and calm staff member. He was an absolute pleasure and deserves praise.My fiancée became sick and the hotel immediately delivered medicine to our room. My airline tickets were in a disarray which affected my room reservation but the hotel was prompt in corresponding with me and subsequently we were upgraded which makes continued patronage 110% definite. I was recognized by staff and in turn recognized that they used to be at the IHC (India Habitat Centre, the literatti centre/hotel of New Delhi). Everyone was polite, well trained and always had a smile. The food was wonderful. The front desk was also able to confirm my airline ticket and did so in an efficient manor. The response times to emails were excellent and a wonderful way to keep business. The things I might work on I sent to the hotel and within two days, not only had they replied, but with detailed answers to my queries. This was at a time when Bombay was in a Volatile situation (Nov 08) but the Manor seemed calm and confident.All in all we would definately recommend this hotel to our friends. It is already enjoying respect and a nice buzz in Delhi and I enjoyed reading about it in Tatler. We hope to stay there soon.Best wishes,Anjhula Singh BaisMedia Personality	
Jan 4 2009 	soft landing in Delhi	We landed in Delhi at lunchtime and were driven directly through the chaos that is Delhi traffic to this calm setting.We had a suite, (Room 14) although it was more like a superior double, having merely a seating area within the bedroom rather than a separate sitting room. The hotel looks good and the staff was very attentive. The trains can be intrusive, although not enough to disturb sleep. Free broadband internet access downstairs and universal sockets in the room were useful and tea on demand was welcome.Less impressive was the breakfast - if your room rate includes it, it means one food item from the menu, so either cereal or toast; and one drink item, so either coffee or juice. Extra items are charged for. They were also prepared to charge for an early breakfast to be served in the room, but waived this when we protested. Apart from these negatives, this is a lovely hotel in a quiet and safe location of Delhi. We would stay there again.	
Jan 4 2009 	the best place to stay at in New Delhi	this is an elegant boutique -style hotel (less than 12 rooms i think) in an upmarket suburb of new delhi - about 15-20 minutes drive from Connaught place etcnew delhi is a polluted, crowded and massive sprawl of a citythis place is a peaceful little gem, and far better value than the US$500 minimum expected for the better-known places in Janpath, etcthe staff are knowledgeable and helpful .. ie we didn't get ripped off by taxi drivers nor get lost. Staff recommendations on where to go/eat were spot onthe breakfast terrace is a wonderful start to the day, and being so small, all the other guests feel obliged to say a friendly 'good morning' to you even if you do turn up in your pyjamas with a bad hangover..!if the price range suits - don't bother staying anywhere else	
Dec 1 2008	I miss the Manor already	The Manor is a great place to start a trip to India. It is indeed a quiet and relaxing oasis in the big dusty dirty Delhi. All the staff were proffessional and friendly, without being overwhelming. The rooms were very clean with beds big and comfortable. You can choose from western or Indian food, both of which are delicious.As it was our honeymoon they left a chocolate cake in our room and a bath tub full of rose petals- very sweet.The tea and chai are both very good, best served overlooking the lush green lawn. Over all an excellent place to visit.	
Nov 27 2008 	Lovely peaceful and clean in an extremely noisy city	Fantastic small hotel, rooms very comfortable, staff very helpful and knowledgable, food was superb, we chose an Indian meal with a dessert the waiter recommended and we were extremely happy with his choice. Breakfast on the patio overlooking the lawn was very enjoyable and memorable, enjoyed the wildlife in the garden too. If we go back to Delhi this will be where we will stay again. It was lovely.	
Nov 14 2008 	great two night stop	great boutique hotel- very comfortable rooms, fluffy white towels and lots of hot water.Restaurant was excellent and staff all very helpfulReally enjoyed returning to the hotel for tea in the garden after the hurley burley of Delhi.	
Oct 1 2008	Excellent hotel	We have stayed in many different hotels in different countries, however our stay at The Manor hotel is among our favourites, even though we only stayed there for one night. We had a standard room and it was very nice and fashionably furnished. The hotel is located in a high end, very pleasant and quiet part of central Delhi, surrounded by beautiful villas. The staff was very helpful and professional. They also provide several complimentary services, such as internet. The restaurant serves delicious indian and mediterranean meals. We highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 10 2008	An oasis amidst chaos	We visited Rajasthan in Feb 2008 arriving in New Delhi. Our travel agency used SITA as the organisers for our trip. They were a disaster, however we insisted on staying at The Manor and it was a winner. This is a boutique hotel located about 30 mins from Connaught Place. It is certainly worth the drive. The room was spacious the marble bathroom was spotless and there was a good supply of free bottled water. There is a small library with a selection of novels and photographic books of the region adjacent to a roof deck. They provide free internet access. Downstairs a cozy bar and lovely dining room. You have the option of dining al fresco. The food was superb, we ate in the hotel every night. They have both an Indian and Continental menu to choose from. I love to cook Indian food and I thought the chef was superb. My dream would be to spend a month at The Manor taking cooking lessons from the chef.Add to this the wonderful attentive service and you are in paradise. The hotel arranged a car and delightful driver for us. After we ditched the tour that we had arranged through SITA the staff at the Manor tailored a tour of New Delhi taking in places of interest to locals, which was exactly what we wanted.I could not recommend this hotel highly enough.	
Apr 1 2008 	Quiet and refined	It isn't easy to find a quiet place in smoky Delhi. This is a special place. You might consider it a boutique hotel or a luxury guest house. Just a few rooms (7 or 8) in a villa built and furnished in pure '60s style surrounded by a beautiful lawn and garden. Rooms are modern but cosy and clean (flat screen tv). Service is very good (sometimes a bit impersonal). The Restaurant serves excellent Indian food (we didn't try Continental, but you can expect it to be as good). Our driver had a few problems in finding it, so the location can be a drawback: about 20 minutes from Connaught Place. But if you don't want to stay in one of those depressing five star towers which look alike all over the world...well, go to the Manor.Masimo &amp; Marina	
Mar 30 2008 	Good Choice for One Night	Another Delhi hotel where our pre-arranged (and re-confirmed) transfer didn't show up at the airport (although the hotel claimed that someone was there waiting for us). We took a pre-paid taxi, again easy and inexpensive to arrange, but again, the taxi driver could not find the location. He was able to locate Friends Colony West (be sure to say West), but not the actual street. We had to call on the kindness of strangers, and then to call the hotel itself, before we could actually find the location. This is an attractive property, with a nice bar and restaurant (reasonable and plentiful food), free computer access, lending library, and some green open space to walk around outside. The rooms were on the smallish side, but we had just booked a basic room, nothing more. Large and well-equipped bathrooms, with hairdryers and some toiletries. Flat screen TV with DVD player, which we were unable to get to work. Lots of instructions which we followed to the letter, but without success. We were unable to use the free wi-fi access in our room, either. So I would have to say that compared with the Hotel Palace Heights, this was a bit overpriced (about $250 per night). Still a fine, reasonable choice in Delhi, and with the ability to walk outside on the hotel property, perhaps a better choice if one is spending multiple nights. Did not partake of the (included) breakfast due to an early departure, but there was a complimentary fruit plate, chocolates, and bottled water in our room.	
Mar 23 2008 	Loved it. Overall and Excellent Experience	I was in India, New Delhi for a conference (Microbicides 2008) from February 23rd to February 29th. I chose to stay at the Manor after TripAdvisor members completely panned the hotel (that shall remain nameless) that the conference recommended. I loved it. Overall an excellent experience.1. COSTCosts were comparable and often better than bigger hotels. I liked the space more than I liked the other hotels my colleagues used.2. FOODBreakfast on the veranda every morning. The complimentary breakfast was exquisite. Of course you had the usual continental breakfast offered, as well as Indian style breakfasts. I didn’t go to India to have eggs on toast so I ran through all the breakfast curries (#1 choose a curry, #2 ask how to eat it). The tea reminded me what crap we get in bags in the West. In fact, I’d told them how much I loved the tea and they mailed me a bag.3. SERVICELoved the individualized attention – an easier challenge for a smaller hotel I imagine, but not one to be taken for granted. I felt like a house guest. Also, for a relatively minor additional daily cost, I had the use of a driver and a car. The Manor has its own cars, and let me tell you, having someone to take me back and forth to the conference, shopping, and on tours, was indispensable. BTW, for free the Manor will pick you up and drop you off from and at the airport.4. ARCHITECTUREI enjoy houses and architecture, and the Manor’s design is what drew me to it at first. I describe it as your typical warm-weather, upper class, British-influenced, colonial style. The pictures I took actually look like the pictures in their brochure – The Manor actually lived up to its billing. How often can one say that? Usually the photos the business takes are in the very best light. In this case the Manor did not need to struggle with that. 5. SHORTCOMINGSThis was not a problem for me, but maybe if you’re sensitive to sound it might be. My room, #5, shared a wall with the kitchen so I could hear early morning kitchen activity. It worked for me because I find that on business trips, the dead quite of a hotel room deprives me of sleep. Sounds of life help me feel more relaxed. Of course in the grand scheme of things New Delhi is NOT quiet. However, Friends Colony West, is one of those upper class enclaves, so it’s a stillness in the middle of Delhi chaos. CONCLUSIONSLoved it. Will happily stay there again if I ever return to New Delhi (I hope I do, I loved New Delhi). Next time maybe I’ll try to afford the penthouse!	
Mar 20 2008 	Best hotel in Delhi by miles	This was an oasis in the hectic buzz of Delhi. The standard room we had was very comfortable and clean though quite compact. Lovely shower. However it was the service here that was so spectacular. The staff went above and beyond to assist us and were so polite and helpful. The food was also great. We have been to India several times and stayed in many hotels. This was one of our best experiences and definitely the best hotel in Delhi in our opinion.	
Feb 20 2008 	Loved the manor	We booked the manor after reading other reviews. The Hotel lived up to all our expectations. Lovely Gardens in calm atmosphere. Food excellent Serving Indian and European cuisine. Staff go out of there way to be helpfull. The guest rooms are all wonderful. Contemporary spotless large rooms fresh flowers fruit and soft drinks all complimentary. The only down side is there is no where to walk out to. Gated residential area. However after a busy day in Delhi do you want to go out wandering at night. Very Highly reccomended. Ann and Mick U.K.	
Feb 17 2008 	Excellent!!!!!!	On our 2nd trip to India Delhi was our first stop. Our plane arrived late at night and we were met by the hotel at the airport. The staff were wonderful and the room was very comfortable. Breakfast was included and made to order. The hotel is small and quiet. A nice transition to India. The only negative is the location is in South Delhi and we needed to take cabs everywhere.I recommend this hotel and would stay there again.	
Feb 3 2008 	Great Value for Money	I have been travelling to India quite often during the last couple of years and have stayed in most of the major hotels. However, hotel rates in Delhi seem to have gone through the roof so I decided to search for an alternative. Having read the reviews about the Manor, I decided to give it a shot. Although it was pricey, it was great value compared to what I wasbeing offered at other major hotels. I very much enjoyed every bit of my stay at the Manor. From the airport transfer, which is included in the room rate, to the delicious lunch I ate in the beautiful garden, I was very impressed with the personalized service. The staff was very helpful in giving me several valuable suggestions on tourist attractions, places to shop etc. They went out of their way to help me get what I wanted - for instance I wanted to buy pashmina shawls but was short on time so theyarranged for someone to bring his collection to the hotel. I most enjoyed the quiet intimacy of the hotel which is unique to the Manor and definitely worth a premium given the hectic hustle bustle in delhi. The rooms have a modern décor, come with LCD TVs and really good shampoo and conditioner inthe bathrooms. Am definitely coming back!! Loved it.	
Jan 26 2008	Very beautiful Nice Hotel but a bit Pricey	This is a really nice hotel in a quiet exclusive neighborhood. I liked everything about it but it's overpriced compared to some of the other places we stayed that had amazing buffet breakfasts etc, (yet cheaper price). But if you want to spend a bit extra to stay in a very Zen-like boutique hotel, then go for it. .	
Jan 13 2008 	Ok hotel could be better	My wife and I stayed at the Manor for a total of three nights in November 2007. The pickup from the international airport upon arrival was excellent even though it was quite late in the night. The checkin in the hotel was smooth. The front desk staff was helpful all throughout our stay. The hotel was generally nice but we did not like the lighting as it was quite dark all through the hotel . The windows in the rooms also did not offer any decent view or privacy (the drapes had to be kept shut) and faced an adjacent wall or the courtyard. Also, the furniture and the finish in the room looked tired, and requires some renovation. The toilet in the bathroom had visible marks of being worn out, definitely not to the expected quality for the amount that you are paying. The hotel breakfast was complementary and quite nice. However we found the service to be inconsistent. One day we were served very attentively. Another day, the coffee not only took a long time but was terrible, and we were given the bread assortment only when we asked for it later. The dinner was actually delicious and we recommend it highly. However, on one occasion we did find ants on the table cloth and had to move tables.	
Jan 13 2008 	Good stay but overpriced	The Manor is a small, family-owned (as of recently) hotel. The staff is attentive and helpful, the property is well manicured and clean, the restaurant food is good and the room is clean and comfortable. My only regret was, honestly, the expense. I don't know why the average price here is listed as &quot;$115&quot; since I paid $440 for a suite. I have spent less money on far more luxurious rooms in places like Las Vegas and California. The TV in the room was tiny (again, you'd expect a large flat-screen for the expense). Take advantage of the car and driver that Devika Singh can arrange for you. I would come back to this property in a heartbeat if not for the price. I don't mind spending more to get more, but on the value scale The Manor falls a smidgen short.	
Jan 10 2008 	Overpriced - it's not worthing	The hotel is located in a smart place of Delhi. The garden of the property is nice but that's as far as it goes. My room was confortable but 2 lights were out of service when I arrived.Nice shower in marble but bottles in glass in the shower containing body products. Restaurant correct but full of mosquitos by night.Breakfast average.Staff underskilled compared with he other hotels of Delhi.Avoid the travel desk of hotel which takes high commissions (50% of the railways ticket price!!!).500€ for 2 nights in a standard room. Go to another 5 star hotel. Definitively.	
Jan 5 2008	Over-priced noisy and to be avoided at all costs	We booked a three night stay at The Manor after reading other positive reviews on Trip Advisor, but were bitterly disappointed with the reality of the hotel.Whilst the staff were very helpful, our room (number 5) was extremely small and dated, had views out onto a brick wall, suffered from non-stop noise of inefficient and non-working air conditioning, and constant loud reverberation in the water pipes which penetrated throughout the room. In addition, our room appeared to back on to a major railway line, and we were therefore woken up througout the night by the horns of frequent freight trains.We asked to change rooms, but were told that the hotel was full. However, there was no evidence of this at all as no more than 2 other tables were ever occupied in the dinning room at breakfast or dinner.	
Jan 1 2008 	Favourite hotel in Delhi	As a frequent traveller to Delhi I have experienced the best hotels the city supposedly has to offer (Oberoi, both Taj's, Nikko, Hyatt, Imperial etc...) and the Manor is without doubt 'the' place to stay in my opinion. The property is small, which facilitates a nice personal touch. Rooms are fairly spacious with marble-laden bathrooms. For the price of a basic room at the Oberoi you can get a whole suite here, which is twice the size of the Oberoi room I had. As a food lover the restaurant is a big draw, even if there is only one. Even if you don't stay here I would recommend a visit to the restaurant, which serves the finest Indian food I've personally tasted (as an Englishman that's quite a lot given our nations addiction to Indian cuisine). Service throughout the hotel is attentive and professional. I'm very picky when it comes to service as my other hotel reviews testify but the Manor scores top marks here. What overwhelmingly sold me on the Manor is the setting, which genuinely provides an oasis of tranquillity in the 'heart' of the bustling city that is Delhi. The only negative is the hotels popularity. I had to check out for one day in the middle of my stay because it was fully booked (this was flagged at the time of my booking so no gripes with hotel for this). Would highly recommend.	
Dec 17 2007 	Nice hotel but hugely overpriced	This is a stylish little hotel set in beautiful grounds. Rooms are modern, comfortable and spotless. The staff are charming and helpful, and more than make up for the polish of a big hotel. The restaurant serves good food, and breakfast outside on the lawns is a great way to start the day.The location works both ways: you're a little far out of the city centre (especially given Delhi's terrible traffic); but that makes the location a little more peaceful and besides, it's cheap to get around and the hotel can organise cars.BUT the real problem here is the price. My double room was quoted at $175 a night. But by the time the hotel had added 10% service, 12% luxury tax and - here's the issue - converted the bill into Rupees at a laughably-bad exchange rate (then converted back into dollars by my credit card company), I ended up paying $280 a night. For that, I could have stayed at the Oberoi...My advice is, give this place a miss.	
Dec 7 2007	Poor reponse leading to failed booking.	Front of office response entirely inadequate for prices.I sent an enquiry for availables room by email via the hotel website, and got an automated response. A couple of hours later, the Front office emailed availability and prices - perfect, I thought, and responded that I would like to book, how do it do it. No reponse by email. I phoned, was told they had my email, and would reply soon. I was also told I couldn't book the room by Amex over the phone. 24 hours later and no response.Another email, still nothing. I called again, and was told they would get back to me shortly.An email did arrive eventually 48 Hrs after my enquiry - Sorry sir, we don't now have the availability you wanted.Fantastic. Im staying elsewhere.	
Dec 1 2007 	Not for business	I am in Delhi 3-4 times a year and thought I'd try the Manor since it had gotten such rave reviews. I got the last room in the house with windows that backed on to a wall. Certainly nothing to write home about. The room was clean, but the hotel interiors could stand a serious refresh- particularly at the rates (USD200+) charged.As for business travellers, the basics (converter plugs, iron) took several calls to arrive. The front desk staff sluggish. The manager never arrived before I left for appointments in the morning. My favorite moment was trying to get back into Friends Colony at 8.30pm one night. They forgot to tell my driver that the nearby gate was closed at night and it took 20 minutes to find an alternative route in. The restaurant does serve good, simple continental cuisine.Rates at the Imperial are often similar -a much better choice.	
Nov 30 2007 	The Manor manner - A perfect antidote to hectic Delhi	The only, and I mean only, downside to this hotel is its location, but that is no reason not to stay. Most places in Delhi are 15-20mins away in a car, so why not spend an extra ten to experience the tranquility of The Manor.The hotel is in Friends Colony, a quiet area just off a main thoroughfare in southern New Delhi, which houses some of the smaller embassies and consulates and a rather posh (from the outside at least) country club.On arrival, the smart brass gates open to reveal the stylish exterior of the property, and you are welcomed by friendly and efficient staff in the tastefully decorated lobby. After the check-in formalitiesare complete, you are ushered to your perfectly air-conditioned and reasonably spacious room. Ours was finished with dark woods and stone, and had a very comfortable and large double bed.Fruit, flowers, and newspapers appear in the room during the course of the day, but the staff are never obtrusive. The restaurant is a delight, with the interior decor trumped only by the food, which is exquisite. As other reviews observe, this may well be the best Indian food you taste in your entire trip. Do sip a cocktail or two in the Onyx Bar and take tea on the veranda!We highly recommend The Manor for its visual and culinary taste, and for the staff, who understand exactly what the busy, discerning tourist requires - rest and good food in a tranquil, stylish environment. This hotel is a treat not to be missed.Andy Mc (a one-time visitor to The Manor)	
Nov 26 2007 	Great experience huge help booking my rajastan itinerary!!!	I used the Manor as my homebase from Oct 19 - Nov 24 2007 while traveling to Bhutan, Katmandu, Uttar Pradesh and Rajastan. I had 4 stays altogether and was well taken care of each time. This is a small 15 room family owned and operated hotel in a quiet family style neighborhood just minutes from the insanity of Delhi. The rooms are quiet, clean and very comfortable, there is a restaurant onsite if you are too pooped to venture out. I was able to store luggage and clothing between forays safely. At one point I had forgotten my printouts from guidebooks in storage and they retrieved it and sent it by courier to my hotel in Katmandu. I left my camera on the Palace on Wheels train and they sent a driver to retrieve it. They took care of me in my jet laggidness from start to finish and put up with me when I was cranky and demanding. The very best however, was Devika at Uniglobe travel which is connected to the hotel. As competant as I like to think I am with organizing independent travel, she helped put together trains planes and accomodations where I was at a loss to find info on the internet on times, distances or flat out how to get from one place to another. I cannot thank her enough for suggesting a car and driver for the final 10 days of my trip to really explore the areas not frequented by tourists....this is what made my trip to India more than great, it was a memory of a lifetime! There is no other place to stay in Delhi than the Manor.....I only wish I could be there with you and relive the memories again and again.	
Nov 25 2007 	Lovely albeit brief stay at the Manor	I checked into a suite at the Manor for about 4-5 hours after a flight from Jaipur while awaiting an overseas flight to Canada. The hotel is substantially farther from the airport than other properties my travel agent recommended (i.e. 30 minutes' drive absent any traffic), but I was willing to forego an extra hour's sleep in order to view the property.I was greeted warmly on check-in by the owner, who made sure I checked in quickly, some tea, and had a bite to eat before catching some sleep. The manager was able to deliver a meal to my bedroom in under 15 minutes from the time I ordered, and was true to his word that I would be awakened in time for my flight. The suite was reasonably-sized, with high ceilings and a compact, but comfortable marble bathroom with separate tub and shower. The water pressure was good.Bed was comfortable with high thread-count sheets and soft pillows. There was a large desk and a small, dated cathode-ray tube-type television, a small chair and loveseat, and a huge window.I was exhausted on arrival, but the area and the hotel itself was quiet and I had no problems at all with noise. I did not try the restaurant, but the room service was prompt and the manager was very keen to please.When I travel, I prefer to stay in smaller, owner-run properties as opposed to large chain hotels. If you are merely seeking a bed between flights in Delhi, there are plenty of options closer to the airport. However, if you are looking for a respite from the noise of Delhi and more personal service, I would highly recomment the Manor - I will stay there again when I next pass through Delhi.	
Nov 23 2007	Not quite right but great restaurant.	This hotel is located in a nice part of the city but a long way from anywhere, so don't expect to go out without a taxi. The room was nice but not huge. Strangely there was nowhere to put any suitcases and only one bedside table because of the space. As a result we had to find space on the floor for the two cases which was no that easy. A railway track runs close by. We were on the other side but it was noticeable even there. The best thing by far was the restaurant. Easily the best food we had in our Indian stay, it was superb. They offer a European or Indian menu (we had Indian both nights). It was beautifully presented and excellent quality. The chef was trying some new dishes the second night and personally came to make sure it was OK for us. The staff were attentive and the property itself is clean and set in a nice garden. Its just a shame about the room and the remote location.	
Nov 23 2007 	Home from Home	Worthy holder of the Trip Advisor No.1 Rated Hotel in DelhiOn arrival we were told to make the hotel our home during our stay.The hotel certainly did!!They were even gracious enough to let us camp out at the hotel during an overlay midway thru our trip (including train and airport collection and drop off :) We'll be back :)J	
Nov 21 2007 	A Hotel of Class	We stayed here for 1 nights at the end of our tour of India. The hotel lived up to its reviews. The only one down side was the noise of the Trains at night. So make sure you have a room on the other side to the track. Also room 11 is next to the Air Conditioning System so some noise. They did however on request move us giving us a free upgrade room. It is a Hotel of Class.Only wish it had been a bit less noise at night.	
Nov 19 2007 	A calm quiet boutique hotel	The Manor was a charming, friendly and quiet hotel in the Friends Colony West, about 25 minutes from Khan Market and 40 mins from Connaught Place. The staff were really helpful. The cost of pick up and drop off at the airport were included in the price. The hotel is run by the owner Mr Singh, who made a real effort to come and chat to all of the guests and make sure that we had everything we needed, and to offer information on places to go and things to see in Delhi. We stayed here for 2 nights at the beginning of our holiday in India and for 2 nights at the end, the first part in a room and the second in a suite. The suite was so much quieter and a nice size. The room was acceptable but ours was located next to the kitchen so there was some coming and going outside.The bar and restaurant were nice, although if you sit outside watch out for the mozzies, I got bitten all over on the first night. The chef was great, the food was lovely. All in all I would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Delhi.	
Nov 13 2007 	Hated the Manor	Horrendous experience. Booked the hotel after reading rave reviews from other travelers who stayed there. Started off with the room being not ready for check in inspite of our delayed arrival. Crew was still vaccuming the room when we got there. Once inside the room, the air conditioning was not cooling at all inspite of the thermostat being set to the lowest level. Mosquitoes behind the curtains and baby spiders everywhere from closets to the bathroom. Called the front desk to see whats going on. Nobody responded to the call. So walked out there and finally someone came to our room an hour later. AC still not functioning in 90 degree heat!!! The bathrooms were a sorry state from years of use(read abuse). Strange smell came from the room and the lobby at all times. Asked them to put a room freshner which was finally put on the day we were checking out!!! All in all a horrendous experience! At their price ($420 per night) one can easily stay in a 5 star hotel in delhi if you book in good time. Will not recommend this hotel at all and will surely never go back there again!!!	
Nov 9 2007	Booking problems	After having read the good reviews of The Manor, I tried to book a room for February. I sent a booking request by their website. After a few days I didn't get any reaction at all. I sent them an e-mail as a reminder, but no answer again. After having sent another e-mail without response I decided to call them by telephone. They told me that they didn't get the e-mails and asked me if I could send a new one. I asked them if I could fax them instead, because I didn't believe they would receive it now. By the way, they told me that there was vacancy for all room categories.Finally I got a fax back with the answer that all standard rooms had been booked out..........After all of this I decided to book another hotel.	
Nov 1 2007 	Peace in India	This was the one decent place we stayed in in India and it made a world of difference. Very cool place, peaceful and stylish. Good service and not that expensive though not sure how much we paid. Its not the best value for money we have had but worth spending up for. Good food in the restaurant and v helpful staff all round. Location is not great but worth the extra 15 mins journey. Overall top quality.	
Oct 23 2007 	Very good value	We stayed at this hotel for two nights at the beginning of October. The staff were courteous, obliging and quietly efficient. The suite was large, clean and quiet. We ate in the restaurant for one evening meal and although the quality was very good it was inclined to be a little costly for Delhi. We'd recommend the Galati, not that far away and it's in the guide books, where we had an excellent buffet lunch, including soft drinks, for less than 800R for the two of us. The hotel is to the south of the city, some distance away from some of the more notable sites, but this hardly made any difference as having a car and driver is probably the most efficient way to get around in India in any case. I'd have no hesitation in staying at this hotel again. We also stayed one night in the Oberoi Maidens which proved to be a huge disappointment so for us it would be the Manor every time.	
Oct 10 2007 	The only place I hope I ever stay in Delhi.	The Manor overall is a fantastic place to stay.Delhi was our first stop in India, and we really needed the haven of tranquility that the Manor provides while we tried to adjust.The rooms and bathrooms are great (and clean of course) and very stylish, though perhaps a tad dark. But that's not too much of an issue as there are plenty of places to sit round the hotel. e.g. on the loungers on the deck, or the lawn where they will happily place loungers for you. The train noise did not bother us but perhaps we were on the right side of the hotel.The food is excellent and the restaurant beautiful and quiet, and you can indulge in fresh raw vegetables without a second thought as they are grown by the Manor itself.The staff are ridiculously helpful and will help you with anything that they possibly can.Other services and features: There's a computer and desk provided in the passage area and the internet connection is good. The laundry service was also good and we had no problems with anything we got back, and thought that we probably could have trusted it with more than we did.We had a slight problem with the pick up from the airport and had to wait around for a while, but as far as I can remember it came out that there wasn't a fault on the part of the hotel, and in any case the welcome we received when we arrived made up for the waiting. If I ever return to Delhi I hope I wouldn't want to stay anywhere other than the Manor.	
Oct 8 2007 	What a perfect little hotel	I stayed at The Manor on my arrival in India, and then again after a five-day trip through Agra and Jaipur, before my onward flight to Mumbai.Out of the nine places I stayed at in India, The Manor was in the top two by far (the top position is shared by Malabar House in Fort Cochin).What a gorgeous little place. It really is small - only 11 to 16 rooms (depending on who you ask!). But there is a great sense of space and light. Both of my rooms were airy, stylish and extremely comfortable, and the terraces, croquet lawn and public areas all add to the sense of spaciousness.Because it is so small, there is a very real sense of personal attention. One example is breakfast. On one morning I wanted to have breakfast (included in the room rate) really late, closer to lunchtime, at around 12h30. Expecting a great deal of resistance - most hotels maintain strict &quot;breakfast hours&quot; - I arrived in the restaurant to find it was not a problem at all. They just served a gorgeous breakfast of croissants and soft scrambled egg and fresh sweet lime juice and great coffee, no problem whatsoever.On the other two mornings I asked to have breakfast served in my room. Once again, no problem at all, no extra charge for the brilliant and quick room service. Now many, many top hotels around the world insist that a complimentary breakfast must be taken in a restaurant, but The Manor is small and friendly enough not to have such archaic rules.I was also pleased to have free internet access in my room. A minor gripe is that it is LAN based rather than wireless, but it's free and fast, unlike other &quot;top-notch&quot; hotels I stayed at in India, such as the Taj Mahal in Mumbai where internet access, like everything else, just costs too much.And for those guests who don't travel with laptops, there is also a PC available for internet access. Nice.Another major plus is the complimentary drive from the airport. I must say, this was one of the main initial selling points of The Manor for me. You don't want to arrive in Delhi at 3am and still have to find transport to your hotel, so being met by a driver in the early hours of the morning was just bliss.I have two very small problems with The Manor. One is that it isn't very conveniently located - it's about a 150 rupee taxi ride to Connaught Place, for example. But the flipside of that is that it really is located in a calm, tree-lined suburb totally secluded from the madness of Delhi.The other tiny gripe is that I was charged extra for mushrooms and tomato with breakfast on only one of my three mornings! I know that is truly petty, but when they get everything else SO right, it's a pity to spoil it with inconsistency. Either charge me every time, or not at all, but not randomly.To the very dapper Mr Singh who came to offer me a National Geographic to read while I was taking tea on the terrace, I say keep it up, that's a very good little establishment you have there. May it get the visitors it deserves.	
Sep 28 2007 	A wonderful stay	After reading many of the reviews on this site, we decided to book the Manor during the last part of our stay in Delhi. We stayed at the Hyatt for two nights and then the Manor for four nights. I can't begin to express what a pleasant stay we had at the Manor. The rooms are nice, the food is outstanding and the service was incredible. Our driver, Jaga, was a wonderful guide and made us feel very safe in a city that can be overwhelming for the first time. The owner came and talked to us at dinner and is a very nice man and he even helped us in our purchase of a carpet. This hotel does not have the ammenities of other larger more expensive hotels, but it more than makes up for it in service and serenity.	
Sep 25 2007 	design hotel nice and relaxing	The manor hotel is placed in a very quite residential part of delhi.It is in a quite place, no cars, no traffic, just beautiful and exclusive villas around.the hotel is a &quot;design hotel&quot;, very beautiful. I suggest a &quot;superior&quot; or &quot;executive&quot; room beacause it is bigger than the others. comfortable and big bed, clean bathroom. the only bad aspect of this hotel is the carpet in the room, it looks old and dirty even if it isn't dirty but I think it is very dated!The room service is good!the breakfast hall is relaxing,we were alone.The staff is very polite. good aspect: internet place is avalibale 24 hours and is free.	
Aug 18 2007 	Pefect finish for our holiday in India	We stayed 4 nights in August 2007. Had suite number 1, with an extra bed for our 14 year old daughter. Cost us 175 USD + 50 USD for the extra bed. Lovely room, lovely bathroom, lovely hotel, lovely restaurant...we took most meals at the hotel : awsome food, good complimentary continental breakfast (croissants, scrambled eggs on toast, sweetlime juice...). Friendly bar (played cards, read...). Great garden, terrace...Swimming pool in club nearby. Free internet. Super helpful and friendly staff. Arranged everything for us : car to aiport (complementary), taxis, henne... Quiet, comfortable, relaxed atmosphere. Offered us cakes, fruits, chocolate at night... It was exactly what we needed after 15 tiring days in Northern India. We hioghly recommend this hotel !	
Jul 19 2007 	An oasis of tranquility amidst urban insanity	Delhi from arrival at the dingy airport to the insane traffic was nerve wracking, so the contrast when we finally made it to The Manor (tucked away in an exclusive enclave in south-east Delhi) was all the more extreme- a security guard to keep out the riff-raff, quiet, friendly front desk staff who did all the form-filling for you while you relaxed and recovered, a large glass of freshly-squeezed mango juice, then a long bath with all the amenities supplied. I wasn't surprised to learn later on that this property is managed by Aman resorts. Complaints- the standard rooms are small, and not the same size; ask to be shown the rooms before deciding. Everything else was fantastic- the service, the food (the angel hair pasta- excellent!)... our travel agent messed up the return airport transfer, but the staff at the Manor took care of everything with aplomb. Suggestions for improvement? Perhaps WiFi access, and some attention to ageing fittings. Other than that, I know for certain which hotel I'll be returning to, when I next visit Delhi...	
Jun 8 2007 	Great stay but not the ultimate	We stayed at The Manor for 3 nights and must say that the hotel itself is great. One must give credit to the small boutique size of the property which makes it really something amongst the big hotel chains in Delhi.Service was outstanding, from the pick up at the trainstation to the reception and all the staff we interacted with during our stay. Very curteous, friendly, helpful and discreet if needed. On the downside however I did miss a Guest Directory in the rooms, which I regard as a very useful tool for every guest in a foreign city. And it would pay off to train the staff remembering names and whether the guest like coffee or tea to avoid being asked every morning. Additionally, the carpets look very tired and need changing. tiled or wooden floor is easier to keep clean. They have a wonderful lawn and roof terrace which is hardly used (understand that the temperature was not really inviting for a lunch at 45C outside this time of the year), but the umbrella looked really shabby, and the chairs were always left were the guest had placed them a few days earlier. The material on the seats was dirty. the roof terrace is awesome but not inviting since in the evening no one placed candles or some sort of lights. we had to put our own cushions there... Check out was very efficient and the drop to the airport impeccable.Overall, the hotel is good and definitely worth to stay there if you happen to be in Delhi.	
Apr 23 2007 	Luxury	The Manor is lovely. From being picked-up in a lovely, large air conditioned car and being offered hand-wash towels and drinks enroute to the hotel... then to the room, to the restaurant, and to the time we left... it was all lovely. We had stayed at a few dives throughout our trip and were disappointed but not by The Manor. Service and staff were great. Room's were of an interesting and modern design and we slept in the most comfortable beds we had the whole time (barring Agra Sheraton - which also had lovely beds!) We also hired the hotel's driver &amp; car for a few hours for some sight-seeing around Delhi and were pleased with the service. Restaurant food was also great and a nice change to have something continental-ish rather then pure Indian.	
Apr 9 2007	Feeling Cosseted	We stayed at The Manor for two nights at the beginning of our honeymoon trip to India at the end of March 2007.It was a very welcome oasis of excellent customer service ,beautifuly designed surroundings and great food!The bed was exceptionaly comfortable and everything we needed was carried out promptly,faultlessly and without cutting corners.Not at all something which can be said for most hotels we have stayed in in this price range!Our decision to stay here was based on reading other traveller reviews so now we will certainly consult this site before planning other holidays.We liked The Manor so much that we asked our driver(superbly organised along with hotel bookings etc for the duration of our trip by Rajputana Holiday Makers in Jaipura)to make a detour on our way from Agra to the airport just so we could eat there before our flight.We definitely recommend this hotel.	
Feb 18 2007 	A great base to call home in India	The Manor was apparently India's first boutique hotel when it opened in 1999. And while it looks like its now in need of its first facelift since 1999, it generously ticks the principal boxes of a great boutique hotel - exclusive, intimate experience and fantastically personal service. The Manor essentially became the base camp on our trip - we started off there pre-Rajasthan, returned pre-Varanasi and returned finally from Kerala prior to our London return. In this role it excelled - the team couldn't have been more helpful in organising drivers, confirming train and plane times, holding onto excess luggage we didn't want to lug around, and catering packed meals for us to take on our journeys with us. Always a warm welcome, The Manor is a green oasis of tranquility in the madness of Delhi. There is a subtly colonial air about it, but it's contemporary and efficient. The food is excellent - we particularly liked the authentic Indian food on the menu. The bedrooms and large, the beds excellent, the bathrooms wall-to-wall marble. Couldn't recommend a better place to stay in Delhi.	
Feb 16 2007 	Not bad at all but have seen better	We stayed at The Manor last September. It seems to have gotten quite good reviews from a lot of people but I wasn't all that much impressed, although I have to admit it is an overall pleasant hotel. It may have to do with the fact that we had stayed at the glorious and impeccable Devi Garh in Udaipur previously before arriving at The Manor. Our room at the Manor was quite small, and rather dark. (It was the cheapest room.) Not much of a view. Found a couple of stains on the wall and carpet, though not so obvious. The bathroom looked a bit tired. There was no bathtub, and the shower room was a bit small. However the garden was spacious and beautifully kept. Food was a bit costly but tasted good. They have two adorable dogs who are friendly. I liked the neighborhood as well. It is in a high-class residential district which is peaceful and calm. The staff are efficient and helpful. The Manager was a very nice person.Their limousine services are very expensive compared to the usual taxis which you can catch on the streets. However pick-ups to and from the airport were free, and they provide a fancy black car with a good-looking chauffer. They gave us mineral water and allowed us to pick our favorite CD on the way.Overall hotels in Delhi are overpriced. Our personal advice is that you to leave Delhi quickly and go off to the beautiful and colorful Rajasthan area.	
Feb 12 2007 	Peaceful oasis in Delhi	Date: Dec. 9th-13thReviewer: Christina and UddyWe had a lovely stay at The Manor. From the moment we arrived, which was 2:30 a.m. as a result of a delayed flight, the staff were so warm and friendly. They immediately offered us what turned out to be the best tasting chamomile tea. We think about it still. The rooms, while a bit worn around the edges, are clean and beautifully designed with all the modern amenities and great sheets. We were even offered a free upgrade during our stay. Breakfast on the lawn was splendid--food and ambience perfect. It was hard to believe that the chaos of Delhi was just a few kilometers away. While our friends in Delhi thought we were a bit out of the way as far as sightseeing goes, they certainly praised the beauty and peace which abound at this tiny oasis within Delhi.	
Feb 3 2007	An oasis in Delhi's chaos	My wife and I stayed here for five nights the end of January while on vacation in Delhi, Agra and Jaipur. We had rented a car and a driver from Rajputana Holiday Makers (first class rental company in Jaipur) and drove around the three cities starting and finishing in Delhi. In Agra we stayed at the Hilton and in Jaipur at the Alsisar Haveli.The Manor is like a nice big family house. The building is surrounded by a good sized family garden in the New Friends Colony just fifteen minutes from India Gate by taxi or auto-rickshaw. The suites are comfortable and well designed, while the standard rooms could be a little bigger. The restauarant is excellent. The dining room overlooks the sunlit garden. Breakfast, lunch, dinner or snacks at the bar are very good being much better that the stuffy overpriced fare at the Oberoi and other big hotels.Staff are really helpfull and the manager surprised us with a generous practical spirit that I have seldom seen in any hotel.After a day on the road or sightseeing in Delhi this is a true haven. Both of us give top marks to the hotel although there were some small drawbacks, but in Delhi you have to accept that the noise from traffic and railways pierces the walls and windows at odd times during the night. Amanresorts manages the hotel with a high standard of professionalism. We understood that they will be moving to a new hotel in Delhi in a few months and that a new hotel operator will take over. This will result in a renovation of the building and the rooms, the need for which is beginning to show.We would make a strong recommendation to stay here in this quite, well run small hotel.	
Jan 27 2007 	The Manor Excellent Choice	We had an excellent experience here at the end of our two week stay in India. Found the hotel through the internet. The staff was wonderful and assisted us (3 couples) in every way through our last day with a driver (meeting us a the train station) and shopping and to the airport and mailing boxes back to the US following a wedding. The rooms were clean and crisp and constantly maintained every time we left. The food was wonderful, from lunch one day to breakfast. The atmosphere was peaceful with no disturbances for sleep. Having stayed at a larger hotel at the beginning of our stay in India, this place was totally different and catered to our individual needs. The three couples felt that we were in a family environment. We loved being at the Manor and recomment it to anyone going to Delhi.	
Jan 18 2007 	A Gem	There is not much that I can add to the other positive reviews of the Manor posted on TripAdvisor except to say that they are all true-- the Manor is as wonderful as everyone says it is.Design, comfort, service, food-- the Manor has it all. The small size of the hotel (12 rooms) makes for a more personal stay than at larger hotels. We checked out some other hotels while we were in Delhi (including the Imperial) and we were pleased with our choice.Highly recommended.	
Nov 16 2006 	An oasis of calm	If you want to stay in a decent hotel in Delhi without staying in one of the big chain hotels try The Manor. The Manor is situated in a smart suburb of New Delhi. The rooms are fitted to international standards. The decor is clean and modern, if a little characterless. The character is provided by the charming staff. The modern Indian cuisine in the restaurant is excellent.One small note of complaint, the room I stayed in needed a bit of a refresh as some of the furnishings were beginning to look at little tired.I used The Manor as a stop over when catching my flight back to London. The process was seemless, I was met from on the platform from my train and delivered to the airport in the morning. Delhi can seem chaotic and intimidating. If you are a fairly well heeled tourist, The Manor will insulate you from this whilst you acclimatise and provide a good base from which to see Delhi.	
Nov 7 2006 	A calm place but at a price	A great hotel away from the fun madness that is Delhi. Rooms are lovely and the restaurant is very good. However all this comes at a price - its expensive even by London standards. But if you have just arrived in India and want somewhere quiet to stay, its hard to beat. P.S If you intend to arrange transport through them, prepare to haggle alot as the prices they quote are very high.	
Sep 30 2006 	Excellent classy hotel	This hotel is excellent and very classy. A relief after a 8 hours flight and no sleep! Rooms are spacious - I would recommend the suite though, with a modern deco. Very clean, with impeccable service and very quiet. With only 14 rooms, each guest is treated as a very special guest! Although I had read on Tripadvisor that there is a train line passing by the hotel, I can garantee that you can hardly hear it. The hotel staff were very helpful, picked us up from the airport (part of the service) and helped us booked our rail journey for the entire trip! The Food is excellent, amazing curries - nothing like what is served at home of course - the cuisine is very fine, blending fresh herbs and spices. Juices are completly made from fresh. The only drawback is its location (South of delhi), but hence the reason why it is so quiet too, as it is located in a posh suburb, and away from the bustle of Delhi. And if you like shopping the staff will take you to some special shops. I highly recommend it.	
Sep 5 2006 	A Modern jewel In Delhi		
Aug 9 2006 	More than pleased		
Apr 26 2006	Dining good hotel dull.		
Mar 14 2006 	another manor fan		
Feb 13 2006	Fantastic little hotel		
Feb 8 2006	Indian style and hospitality at its finest		
Nov 7 2005	Lovely place		
Jul 27 2005	Stay at this hotel!		
Feb 3 2005	An Oasis		
Oct 27 2004	Wonderfully relaxing place to stay		
Jun 11 2009 	??????????????????		
Mar 18 2009 	Agréable mais cher		
Sep 20 2008 	???		
Sep 7 2008 	???????????		
Dec 8 2007 	Service de réservation par internet		
Nov 11 2007 	Una opción excelente en la caótica Delhi		
