	Love the Lobby	the hotel is gr8 after renovation, need to gear up for the service standards...............	
	Very comfortable	I stayed in Lalit during my brief weekend trip to Delhi. I was positively surprised. Rooms were spacious and decorated with good taste, service was discreet and not too much. Suited well a Scandinavian traveller.	
	We had a great stay here...	Not a bad stay. Location is ok, not exactly in the middle of things, but it's fine. We had a room on the 22nd floor overlooking the city which was nice. Our only complaint is that the reservation wasn't ready when we got there and we had to wait for them to input in the computer again.Otherwise, the rooms were clean, the food service was excellent and we had a great view. The breakfast was good and had no real complaints.	
Nov 23 2009	Terrible experience	I dont know where to start,it was a bad experience beginning with reservation till check out.I made reservation for two rooms and when I called they told me suite is 19000 per night.I said I would call later to confirm.Called 2 hours later and now they quote rate of 28,000 for same room.Asked that person to talk to manager and they agreed to give rate of 19000 per night.I gave them my credit card number and reservation was made.Then called them later to book another room they could not find my reservation adn had to rebook the room.This is terrible standard for 5 star reservations.Then food taste over there is terrible.We had a function and had 10 things on menu .Out of 10 prespeciifed things there were only 8 of them and all of them tasted terrible.Then come to check out process,the staff has such an attitude - even the person who comes and get your luggage.We conveyed all these things to hotel manager at the end.He made some concessions for our bad experiences.But overall it was terrible stay,there are many 5 star hotels in same area with much better service.	
Nov 23 2009 	hotel is gorgeous but service lashit	I stayed here for four nights in November 2009, and am so disappointed that despite the facelift since last year, the service is still the same: slow, unfriendly and depressing. There is a real problem in this hotel with the staff and customer service compared to any other 5 star hotel. The Taj puts the Lalit to shame, mind you so would the travel lodge. Let's start with the pick up service at the airport. It was complimentary. Great. He nearly went without me though! Two names on the same board. Because it had been booked by the same tour company, the driver assumed that when the first person arrived, they could go without me.. It was the other lady who saved the day by asking the driver to wait behind for me, otherwise they would have gone. Thanks to this lady! Secondly, on check in. 45 minutes this process took. I had requested a &quot;quiet, non-smoking room&quot; and called that day to confirm this request. They didn't have it!! Eventually after much negotiation they had a room, but when I got there, it was facing the train station, and had no bath. So I called up, and they showed me two other rooms with another compromise: one was smoking, one was adjoining room. I went with the &quot;quiet adjoining&quot; - my god bad choice. The hotel might have been refurbished, but the soundproofing at this place is dire. The next door neighbours could be heard rustling their newspapers and stirring their coffee - no joke! It was awful. Also, they decided to start smoking in a non-smoking room as the smoke smell went right under the door and stank my room out. I called front desk to report this, but who knows if they done anything! Laundry service is late. My trousers were 1.5 hours late. Breakfast was nice but again bad service, I was made to sit down at a dirty table, no one cleaned it. Upon check out, they had preauthorised the charges to another guest's credit card, and no one asked me how was my stay. They dont have questionnaires in the room and its no wonder, they know about the hotel's problems I am sure they must get lots of complaints. PS rooms are nice but not functional. Trying to figure out the shower, the button is hidden behind the dial. I wont stay here on my next trip to India.	
Nov 23 2009 	Pricey but Beautiful	I stayed in a new room at The Lalit and thought it was amazing. The service, food, salon, gym, pool, decor, etc. can only be considered five-star, but it definitely came at a high price.	
Nov 15 2009 	Cordial comfort and convenience	The impressive entrance and reception area makes an immediate impact. There are several very comfortable seating areas where you can wait for people, or just watch the world go by. It is a busy hotel, and I suspect that quite a few business people use it as it is close to the business area of Delhi. We liked the position of the hotel ( it is about 10 minutes away from Connaught Place), and the larger than average rooms. We asked for a non-smoking room as close to the top of the hotel as possible, and we weren't disappointed with the fabulous view. The air conditioning worked well and was easy to control. The bed was extra king size, incredibly comfortable with a light duvet. I would have appreciated a sheet under the duvet - sometimes you don't want to sleep with a duvet, but you still need a light cover. Both the bed linen and towels were top quality. We had to ask for extra towels, and one light in the bathroom wasn't working, but it was sorted out pretty quickly once we called reception. The flat screen TV showed all the usual channels, including BBC 24. As I am not a breakfast person I really appreciated the tea making facilities in the room, and also the amount of (free) bottled water. The bathroom was spacious, with a huge walk in shower. Curiously, the bathroom was separated from the main room by a see through glass wall - but you could roll down the fitted blinds if you wanted some privacy. The restaurant on the ground floor is open 24 hours - and we were grateful to be able to order food and something to drink when we arrived at the hotel at 1.30 in the morning. I didn't like having to pay to use the internet in the business centre (if you had your own laptop the wifi was free). But I did like the fact that we were given a late check out and so could take our time before leaving for a late flight out. The pool area was good, hardly used it seemed to us (but we were there in the low season) and the changing room facilities were fine, although the ladies changing rooms could have been better stocked with shampoo, conditioner and body lotion. The service in the restaurant was a bit hit and miss - sometimes very quick, other times we had to wait for ages. Security at the entrance of the hotel was good - fast but thorough.	
Nov 14 2009 	I would live here all the time if I could!	I stayed in the Lalit for a week in September, and am planning to go back there again for a couple of days next week. I travel to- and around- India a lot with my work, and the Lalit is by far the best hotel that i have stayed in in Delhi, and also in India (even better than the Taj Bengal, Hyatt etc). There were a few issues during my stay, but the hotel manager went out of his way to resolve these for me, going over and above what I would expect. The rooms are spacious, modern and a joy to work in, as was the gym. Ah! The gym, the pool and the spa.. I would be happy just living here, in fact. The gym has powerplates, all the latest equipment, a great view, and the staff are extremely helpful. food = great, and a wide selection for room service. Definitely go for the buffet breakfast if you can.	
Nov 14 2009 	Excellent Hotel-Good location.Value for money.	We enjoyed our stay in the Hotel.Centre of Delhi,Cannaugt place ,was walking distance from Hotel.My daughter enjoyed the pool.The room was big with all modern amenities.The breakfast was lavish.All the staff we interacted with were very courteous.Overall an exceiient Hotel.	
Nov 13 2009 	SNOTTY RECEPTION STAFF	The attitude displayed by the reception staff towards me was appalling. I had been looking forward to experiencing this hotel but because I choose not to have a credit card on my person (I have a debit card instead), the reception staff forced me to leave all my cash (Rs5000) with them as a deposit:: I felt quite insulted . In the rest of my travels in throughout India staying at other 5-star hotels, I never once experienced this problem again. The room was modern but the bathroom lighting didn't work. The food was adequate.	
Nov 12 2009 	The Lalit 5 star.	Service was excellent, arrived at 1 :00 am and my credit card was refused but they still let me go to the room.The room was modern with really good fittings, superb bathroom.Reasonably well located, a short taxi or tuk tuk ride to Connaught Place and many other attractions. The restraunt for breakfast was great, the outside eating area was clen and welcoming if a bit noisy from road traffic.All in all a good quality 5 star hotel with attentive and helpful staff.	
Nov 7 2009 	Lalit	Very Comfortable, big rooms, beautiful lights and entertainment...helpful friendly stuff. Everything was Excellent !	
Nov 4 2009 	NOT THE BEST - BE SURE TO REQUEST A NEW ROOM AND DONT EAT THE FOOD	I stayed at the Lalit in Oct 09. On arrival check in was quick and i was asked if i had stayed with them before. IF you are asked this question say YES otherwise the will give you one of the older rooms yet to be refurbished. I moved rooms as not only was it old, dated and noisy dues to the nearby train station and the constant train horns but the wireless internet is so slow you cannot even access email.The new rooms are very comfortable and modern and the wired internet is fine. Still noisy depending on what side of the hotel you are on. I ate in the hotel each night and mostly the food was fine. The Grill is expensive and service is VERY slow but the food was acceptable. The Chinese resturant is OK. The bistro in the lobby is expensive and the buffet curry's are nothing special. They do however carry a mild case of Salmonella which is an unpleasant way to finish a trip!Check your bill carefully. I booked a room with free internet and they tried to charge me twice. Also check the dates on cans from the mini bar. In both my rooms they were over a year out of date.Over all and acceptable hotel with good fitness facilities and good location. If you can get over the noise of the trains and don't get poisoned its fine.	
Nov 2 2009 	Make sure you request a new room	I arrived with a colleague and we checked in together. Her room was amazing, modern, and clearly worth the 5 star rating. Mine was old fashioned, had a bathroom with old fittings and rust stains, and smelled of stale smoke (room 1512). When I asked to change room due to the smell they told me the hotel was fully booked and they would move me in the morning but in the meantime would arrange for my room to be aired. Nothing happens quickly in this hotel but 45 min later a man finally turned up to help. Eventually we agreed there was nothing that could make the room smell better so I was moved to a room which miraculously became available.Overall the hotel fixtures and fittings were nice but, while staff were keen to meet every need, it could take hours (and several reminders) for them to actually do anything. The breakfast and other food was ok but nothing special and on one day we sat for half an hour at a table where we'd had to clear dirty dishes to one end (there were no clean ones available) and did not manage to see a single waiter to ask for a coffee.	
Oct 31 2009 	Good 5-star hotel with a classy touch	Hotel must have been renovated recently. They kept some of the &quot;old&quot; features but at the same time put it up to international 5-star standards. Well done.	
Oct 28 2009 	would not stay again...	We only had one night in the Lalit, and chose it because it was closer to the railway as we were travelling, by train, to Agra the next day. Our flight from Varanasi was delayed..so we did not arrive at the hotel until 7 30 pm. Our booked room was not ready...and we had to wait!!! The girl typed and typed and typed into her computer..no apologies no reason and so annoying!! When we finally made it to the room..the room was clean and fresh. There was a sign to request fresh fruit if required. As our next morning was to be really early..I thought...good idea. Tried to ring in house dining. Phone didn't work. Went down stairs and requested at the front desk. You guessed it...never arrived. We had a drink in the downstairs bar and ate in the restaurant. All fine, not exceptional and definitely zero warm and fuzzy customer service, and quite expensive. To be fair in one way, the Lalit were finalising what looked like a massive renoavation BUT their prices definitely do not reflect any leeway for that...so they need to be judged against the full price tarriff. Would not stay again. Would head back to the Taj	
Oct 26 2009 	Comfortable if somewhat characterless	The Lalit is extremely comfortable, well appointed and well run. The location is handy for Connaught Place. Our standard room was spacious, clean and comfortable. In fact, everything you would expect from an international class hotel.It suffers only for being a large international hotel, in feeling a little anonymous and impersonal, which is only a minor complaint.If you can secure a reasonable rate via one of the hotel web sites, this is a good place to stay. Watch out for early check-in charges, though.	
Oct 21 2009 	The worst hotel that I have exeperienced in my 10 travelling years	As expatriates for years, we have travelled to many countries and lived in various hotels for business or leisure purposes. Here is a summary of our 3 days stayed at this hotel. Upon our arrival, we discovered that our confirmed reservation was not listed in the hotel. We understand sometimes things are not in pleasant way and thus be patience for the front office staff to check. Sadly, the staff took ages to check our booking and promised to come back to us after his investigation. To our utterly dismay and shock, the staff didn't check with the booking agent and thus created another havoc during our check out. We believe, an unprofessional behaviour indeed does not reflect positively on a 5 star rating hotel. Space is limited, and we can't continue with more words. You are more than welcome to contact us for more details.	
Oct 16 2009	A diamond in the rough	The Lalit remains one of the most lavish hotels in which I have every stayed. Everything in the hotel is modern, stylish and sparkling clean. There is a small night club/bar inside the hotel as well as a restaurant. Make sure to try the breakfast buffet, it is awesome!	
Oct 3 2009 	Pretty Decent and a Good value	Lalit is within walking distance of Connaught Place. Very nice rooms, good staff. I liked the gym as very few people used it and it had new equipment. Coffee shop is OK, but breakfast buffet is not as grand as the Taj or Radisson, but still good. Make sure you grab the waiter's attention if you require coffee immediately. For some strange reason, they haven't figured out the caffeine needs of the Western traveler. I really liked their wired internet. High speed, secure and no hassle logging on. Would stay here again. Paid @ $140 a night.	
Sep 28 2009 	Very nice hotel walking distance to Connaught Place	Very nice hotel with helpful staff and walking distance to Connaught Place	
Sep 20 2009 	Our home away from home for seven nights	We loved this hotel. It was our home for a total of 7 nights during our 3 week trip to India this summer. The security is very impressive. We felt very safe and secure in a city which is pretty crazy at times. A full breakfast was included. We had most meals in the 24/7 resturant located on the first floor. Desk people were beautifully dressed and very helpful. Room service was immediate. They even knew our names. All issues were addressed promptly. The pool area is breathtaking. Lounge chairs rest in the water. Service was very impressive. We all had our hair cut and other services of the spa which were first rate. The shop owners in the hotel were especially nice. We bought sari's and beautiful scarves from Kashmiri Arts located on the second floor. We stayed at many hotel during our stay which were nice but the Lalit is in a class all its own.	
Sep 19 2009 	Impressive !!	Hotel Lalit has beautiful new rooms. Myself and my clients were impressed with the service. Mr Ravindra Kumar, F&amp;B Manager has been very courteous and always make sure that clients go back satisfied and come back to Lalit for their next trip to India. I always impressed with Ravindra. He has been sending regular mails to remind us the interesting events, gala dinners held in The Lalit.. What a great way to be in touch with the clients in various countries..As promised with Ravindra Kumar I recommended my clients to stay for 15 room nights in month of September 2009. Yesterday I got the feedback from the client that service was impressive and Ravindra and other staff of hotel took good care. All my Japanese clients felt like home.. Thank you Lalit and thank you Ravindra..	
Sep 16 2009 	Beautiful hotel	I stayed at the Lalit with my partner during our recent visit to India. The hotel is impressive with high ceiling and modern furishings. Nice facilities especially the swimming pool and gym is equipped with new and good machines. The room is clean and comfortable. The staff are polite. Many nice restaurants in the hotel, breakfast is good with wide spread of food, I had dinner at Wok however food is not up to expectation should be improved with its presentation and taste. Excellent location just minutes away to the famous bengali market.	
Sep 15 2009 	Overall satisfactory but some minor problems	We stayed three nights at the Lalit. I had a mixed experience with them during our stay. We had some minor issues besides that everything went well. We had booked through a travel agent and got a good rate for the room inclusive of breakfast.The location of this hotel is really good five minutes from railway station and Connaught Place. It was convenient as shopping and loads of restaurants were around the corner. Taxi charged Rs. 50 and auto rickshaw charged Rs. 20 to go to CP. Taxis were available at all times and rickshaw could be hired from outside the hotel.The lobby is breathtaking with a nice waterfall, huge paintings and pianist, everything in the lobby is spanking brand new. Our room was on the 19th floor with a great view but the room was really old and it was especially visible in the bathroom with old taps, rickety shower, watermarks and chips in the wash basin. We had problems with air conditioning making noises and that got fixed and one day cable went off as well but was fixed promptly. These are very minor issues but for a five star should have been fixed beforehand and it makes a difference between a good and great stay.The breakfast was really good; it was buffet style with both Indian and American options. There are tons of different items and baked goods as well. The food was prepared fresh and had several cooking stations.The attitude of the staff was great and were always willing to help with a smile. Wifi is available for Rs 200 for 30 minutes. I signed up for this twice and used it for about 10 minutes each, but upon checkout they billed for Rupees 850 stating that I used the internet for an hour each but could not explain the charges as I had only signed up for the half an hour option. I was not going to argue over $10 as they said have to check with the IT to find out the problem.We were a bit let down with some little issues, these things are not expected of a hotel trying to compete with Taj or Oberoi. Overall we had a satisfactory stay at the Lalit and will probably stay again because of its great location.	
Sep 10 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	On a recent stay I found the Lalit to be a great hotel to stay at in New Delhi. Very modern with a beutiful lobby, great rooms, great restraunts/bar &amp; a lovely pool area. Staff were always very friendly &amp; helpful and the bed was soo comfortable!Pool area very nice with lots of lounges to choose, my only gripe that no alcohol would be served by the pool, so much for my cocktail &amp; a swim! Was about 4 blocks walking distance to shops/market or a few minutes tuk tuk ride for about 40 rupees. Price of food at hotel felt a little over the top for India, though it was beautiful food, the buffet to die for &amp; it should be expected at a 5 star hotel.This hotel deserves it 5 stars, I would stay again, it was a great choice	
Sep 9 2009 	A more intimate 5 star business hotel	Usually stay in The Park or the Imperial but booked into this place for a change. Good gym, small but perfectly formed, with new machines. Bar not too uber trendy or pretentious. Good standard/choice of food on the buffet/a la carte. What I really liked was the feeling that this hotel was not just another huge, anonymous 5 star hotel that you can rattle around in (although it did have approx 500 rooms!). Will definitely use again.	
Sep 3 2009 	Good service good value for Delhi	Have stayed at the Lalit three times now.The continued updating of the building is good. The pool and terrace were available on this trip and are very nice. A small oasis of calm in the middle of Delhi. Only downside is the piped music can get on your nerves.Staff are friendly and the service is good. Room service food and restaurant a'la Carte menu is always a joy.When we first stayed there it had the largest range in a breakfast buffet I've ever seen. Unfortunately it seems to be getting smaller and relies more on processed and pre-packed products. This might be a minor point but it was an attraction on earlier visits. It is possibly seasonal.WiFi/Internet price is high. Business centre printing prices are extortionate.	
Aug 28 2009 	Absolutely delightful	I really liked the property. Location is excellent and the hotel is 5 star delux i would say. At the bargain i got it was a steal. The rooms are classy and they upgraded me to their superior room on my request at the reception. Further even a late check out was given .Reception was good and very helpful.	
Aug 17 2009 	Nice Hotel good room	This is a nice hotel in the heart of new delhi. I was traveling with my friends. We had a nice rooms.The hotel was helpful with helping us to get information about newdelhi, recommending and booking nice restaurants.But the cups and kettle in the room verey dirty they dont wash it well take care ,,see and wash them good befor you use them.Bathroom verey cute but there is problem in shower basin water is stuck ..Internet verey expensive..	
Jul 27 2009 	Excellent place	Well the rooms were extremely good,staff nice,the 24x7coffee shop great,choice of breakfast was the best I ever had in india.In short...excellent hotel..	
Jul 21 2009	The Best Hotel I Have Stayed At	I initially planned on staying at the Lalit for only a few days in February before moving on to another place, but had such a good experience that I ended up staying here until my trip ended in June.What made my experience memorable was the kind of service that my family and I received. I fell ill on my 2nd or 3rd day and when one of the housekeepers learned of this, he asked if I needed any medical assistance. We told him that I would be fine, and thanked him. Later that evening, I received a phone call from somebody--front desk, I believe--asking how I was feeling. The next morning a manager asked me how I was doing and connected me with a doctor, who prescribed medication for me. Receiving that sort of attention says a lot about their level of service, and it continued after I extended my stay. Everyone from the bottom to the top—from porters, waiters, and housekeeping to upper management--treated us like we were VIPs. As for the hotel, itself...Just as other reviewers have mentioned, the hotel is beautiful and decorated in a contemporary style.The standard rooms are comfortable and of a good size. I liked the furniture and decor. The hardwood floors are a nice touch and also function well in keeping the room cool. After a long, hot day, I would love to return to my room and turn on the large flat-panel TV while sitting on the comfy bed. Although there are plenty of dining options outside of the hotel, the 24/7 &quot;coffee shop&quot; located on the lobby level served all our needs and we rarely bothered eating out. It is run very well, and the service was excellent during my stay. The wait staff was attentive and always very friendly and the chefs, themselves, would often drop by to ask how the food was, eager for feedback. The breakfast buffet is very nice--it's possible that the selection may vary depending on whether or not it's tourist season, but regardless they offer both continental and Indian fare. The bakery next to the 24/7 coffee shop is also nice.There are other restaurants in the hotel, and I must say that the Baluchi restaurant is great. The food is good, and 6 days a week there is live music performed at night. I would sometimes just go there to listen to the ghazals before turning in for the night.The fitness center, which is open 24 hours a day is good, and quite exceptional for a hotel--free weights, machines (including a Smith machine), treadmills and bikes as well as a small yoga/stretching room. Next to the fitness center is the spa and the lovely swimming pool, which opened at the beginning of March.The location is excellent. It is not very far from any of the tourist destinations. In fact, we could see two historic landmarks (India Gate and Humayun's Tomb) from our hotel room window. It is within walking distance of the main Connaught Place circus and a few other markets--the main Connaught Place center, as well as the smaller Bengali and Shankar markets. It is also very close to a metro station. All of these are 5-10 minute walks from the hotel, though there are also plenty of auto rickshaws outside the hotel grounds and along the way if you prefer not to walk.Overall, this hotel has a lot going for it. I had a great experience, and although I had never heard of the Lalit hotel chain prior to my visit, I would most certainly wish to stay there again if I return to Delhi.	
Jul 14 2009 	Beautiful Hotel Exceptional Service Great Food	I stayed at the Lalit for a week while in Delhi this past spring and would HIGHLY recommend it to any travelers visiting the city. The hotel is absolutely beautiful and the staff was phenomenal. Overall, it was without a doubt one of the best hotel experiences I've had to date. -StaffThe Lalit's staff is perhaps what sets it apart from other hotels, in that they seem to go above and beyond to be hospitable to the hotel's guests. Everyone was extremely friendly and always willing to go out of his/her way to ensure that we were properly taken care of during our stay (especially the wait staff at the 24/7 restaurant downstairs).-RoomsAs far as comfort goes, the Lalit's rooms are what you would expect from any really nice hotel in the US or Europe. What I think set it apart from others was the level of cleanliness (immaculate!) in the room. Also, the room we stayed in was beautifully furnished with modern decor, making it very pleasing from an aesthetic standpoint as well. -LocationThe hotel is located very centrally, in Delhi's Connaught Place district. This was great as we were close to many of the main tourist attractions (Humayun's Tomb, India Gate, etc.), and certainly not far from the others. Given the traffic situation in Delhi, this proved to be very advantageous throughout the trip.-DiningThere are at least two or three restaurants housed in the hotel, however I never ventured beyond its main &quot;24/7 Cafe&quot;, where I ate at least two meals each day. The menu is reasonably-priced and very extensive, offering American, Italian, Japanese, and of course, Indian dishes. Perhaps the best part of the restaurant (aside from the fact that it is open at all hours) was the daily breakfast buffet, which offered a wide variety of fresh fruits, cheeses, pastries, cereals, eggs/omlettes, and much, much more.-Fitness Center/SpaAlso worth noting is the Lalit's exceptional fitness center, which offers a number of exercise options and wonderful equipment (free weights, weight machines, ellipticals, treadmills). Additionally, they also offer kickboxing classes, as well as yoga. There is also a spa attached, though I did not make use of it.-PoolJust outside the fitness center is a gorgeous outdoor pool, where you can even order food and beverages to snack on while relaxing by the water.	
Jul 10 2009 	Pleasant...the best beds this side of delhi	The best bit about the hotel is that even though its in Connaught Place, its still removed enough from the madness. Its all but 10 minutes of walking to CP inner circle and janpath and similar to the metro station. Ideal for the business traveller as much of the Cp business district is like next door.Also refreshing was the room (though the touch up work was little sketchy at places - leaving much to desire) but the rain head shower, the bath tub, the clear class partition between the room and the washroom...was clam and simple.The minibar left much a lot much to desire, i mean 4 cans of soda and two bottles of water, please gimme sm more. The most comfortable bit about my room 2103 was the beds...the best beds i have slept in the mattress was divine to say the least soft but just the right amount, and the pillows again really nice...i had one of the most comfortable night caps ever in a hotel.I tried just a bit of the breakfast and whatever i had was nice...There was some wall patchwork done which was really visible on the bedside, and sm of the woodwork needed a new varnish but it was still a really nice stay. Oh just one more thing maybe maybe they could have a few more ppl at the front desk i, waited a good 15 minutes before the three could maybe tend to my checkout (which was performed by smone other than the actual front desk staff).	
Jun 22 2009 	Excellent 5 Star hotel	Really first cladd hotel, or both business and pleasure, Spotlessly clean, excelent service. The outdoor pool is perfect. Food is good - especially the choice at buffet breakast (so make sure its included in your rate) - fresh fruit, omelettes/eggs cooked to order, Japanese - and of course Indian (so if you'e new to India, this is a safe intro to the joys of dosas, vadi, bhajis, uppam etc!). The Spa is World class too - but priced accordingly (ie its not cheap).The newly renovated rooms on the upper floors have everythig you could ever need - great bathrooms, massive flat screen TV etc.Tip: use black &amp; yellow taxi's to get around (negotiate fixed price) - the Lalits own car may be air-con - but its also at least 5 times as expensive.	
Jun 22 2009 	Need to train their support staff	The stay was comfortable, and few support functions were good. I was in Delhi on a business trip and hence did not spend much time in the room though. Had to check in and out more than a couple of times due to my work schedule. Got different rooms each time and therefore was able to experience variety. At the reception, not always is the best room allotted even if requested for. Some support staff are terrible and need severe training. One of the managers at the reception was very helpful, even when the credit card system was not operational. Overall a good experience, but need to put their act together given their positioning.	
Jun 18 2009 	Lalit well situated but....	My friend and I stayed here for 4 days in late November. The Lalit was formerly the Intercontinental; it was taken over by Indian hotel magnate Lalit Suri. We had booked our reservation at the Intercon so were surprised to see the Lalit sign and flags in front - we thought the cab driver dropped us at the wrong hotel! It just so happened that we arrived on the day the new name was unveiled.The entrance to the hotel is almost right off the street, so no grounds to speak of. The hotel lobby is beautifully decorated with modern flair and some enormous paintings of the Suri family. Check in was smooth, although the staff were not especially pleasant. The hotel has several elevators, but it always seems to be a long wait to catch one.Rooms are modern and well appointed. We stayed in a standard room with 2 double beds - it was a little cramped, but comfortable and clean. The hotel has a very cosmopolitan feel, with travelers from many different countries. We met people from Africa, China, Europe and Australia and the US. It is situated about a 15 min walk to Connaught Place and within short driving distance to many historical and modern attractions. There are some great restaurants and bars serving international fare in Connaught Place - ask the concierge at the hotel to make reservations for you.Our biggest complaint was dining at the Lalit. There is a buffet restaurant to the right of the main lobby, but there wasn't much variety nor was the food very good. We had to wait a long time for a server to take our drink orders, and dishes were not cleared away in a timely manner so ended up crowding our table. There is also a pastry shop that at that time did not sell coffee or small pastries that you could grab on the run. The 24/7 Bar only served food/snacks while the buffet restaurant was open, and it was the same stuff as served in the buffet.We also tried to eat at Woks because we had heard some good things about it, but after waiting 2 hours were still not seated. It got so late we just got take out and took it back to our room. After all that, the food was disappointing - greasy and tasteless. Needless to say, after that we just ate off site.Overall - nice, well kept hotel, well situated. Service was passable. Just find other places to eat.	
Jun 17 2009 	Excellent Hotel in Convenient Part of City	Great large Rooms and ovesized modern bathrooms. Nice views as well. Ate at two of the hotel restuarants, WOK on the top floor surpassed expectations with excellent food, though slow service. The cafe on the 3rd floor was mediocre at best. Service was excellent throughout our stay. Would definitely recommend the hotel for both business and leisure.	
Jun 13 2009 	Business friendly hotel	Good business hotel, right in the heart of delhi.situated in the CBD of CP/Barakhamba road and very close to Barakhamba metro station, this hotel smacks of business opulence. I stayed here for almost three months and became and gold member of priority club.The deals are normally around 10k INR per night though it might rise upto 15k in the busy season.it has one of the two heated swimming pools in all of delhi.Okish restaurents but the coffee shop has a lavish spread for breakfast. The best thing about this was the quality of the rooms - lots of gadgets, transparent glasses for bathroom walls and clean look to the entire place.I recommend this.	
Jun 7 2009 	Loved the Bathroom	I stayed in the hotel in the month of April '09. The hotel is magnificent and I have just loved the bathroom which has a glass wall. It is so lovely that it was hard to drag myself away from the bath to the room. It was so hot and busy there, I couldn't wait to get back to the peace and tranquility of the bath. I was expecting a few nibbles but breakfast is a lovely continental spread with cheeses fruit pastries etc. Quite difficult to fit in any meals out after all that! The hotel lobby is splendid with very good decor &amp; ambience. 3 things I would like the hotel to look into:- The interiors of the rooms need to be done up. In my room the walls hd some cracks &amp; patchwork of painitngs were clearly visible which does not shw the hotel in the right perspective.- The other thing I would like to highlight is that the hotel still does not have a loyalty program &amp; no tie ups with any airlines. This is a little bizarre consideing the tough competition that the industry is in.- Airport pickups &amp; drops are charged......this is something weird I found!! In my view one of the journeys could be charged, but not both!! BUT overall I would say this is probably the best hotel I have stayed in off late. Perhaps not the most convenient if you have business in Gurgaon!! But if you want to mix of good food, service with the odd trip to connaught place then this is an absolute must!!Do pay heed to my suggestions....Lalit will definitely go a long way in fulfilling Mr. Lalit Suri's dreams!!	
Jun 4 2009 	Great service	I was at The Lalit during a period of 2nights. I visited Delhi for business purpose and decided to be put up at The Lalit. My decision was wise as the service rendered was very pleasing.The staff was extremely courteous. The food was authentic and delicious. I was extremely happy with their service &amp; I shall always recommend The Lalit to everybody.	
Jun 3 2009 	Best for Business events	- Stay is calm- Staff very good- Excellent place for business events- Food, excellent and having real taste of India- Location: in middle of Delhi- Airport is just 30 to 40 minutes away.	
Jun 3 2009 	nice stay	Much more than expected. I went Delhi to attend a national meeting. My company opted me to stay at hotel lalit. The ambience of hotel is very gud. Service is very fast and courteous.I liked the food and dining of this hotel very much.	
Jun 2 2009 	Great new location old refurnished classy hotel	the Lalit is the newer version of the Old Intercontinental hotel which used to be there. taken over by a new management, this hotel is very much up to the mark.great place to be, an absolute 5 star...ciaoronak	
Jun 2 2009 	Advantage Location	This hotel is in heart of Delhi and is the best in terms of location and logistics.The food in all the returants at this place is fingerlicking good.The rooms are sufficently large with spacious washrooms.The gym and the spa at this place is really good.Overall this is a good hotel in the heart of Delhi	
May 22 2009 	Looks good but too many niggles ...	February 2009 saw my first stay at the renovated Lalit after several stays there in the 'old days'. On arrival the hotel looks very impressive but it didn't really live up to expectations due to a number of small problems. Check in was very slow and complicated which was very frustrating as we arrived at 10:30pm. I was travelling with an Indian colleague and we both had to endure a lengthy (and unnecessary) form filling exercise which apparently is part of their procedures. Although the hotel has been renovated the old lifts remain which are rather slow and one of my pet hates. The rooms have been very well decorated with comfortable beds and a huge flat screen television. However, as other reviewers have mentioned, the proximity to the railway station can make for a rather noisy night. Although very busy I have to say that breakfast is superb with an enormous array of food to cater for all tastes and dietary requirements. Another problem came on check out where I was significantly UNDERCHARGED on my bill and had to wait until it was corrected. Overall you will be comfortable and well looked after at the Lalit, they just need to work a bit harder on some of the smaller things, particularly at reception.	
May 21 2009 	Grand .....	I thought the hotel was stunning .... i can see on the site that people had poor service well that was not experience ... there was a missing bathrobe in my room one day which I needed to go the swimming I had one in less than 5mn upon request.I used all the services the gym , the spa, the swimming pool, the traditional Indian restaurant everything was a delight.... Considering it was 43C when I visited the hotel was a peaceful and refreshing haven from the bustle and heat from the city	
May 20 2009 	Not really a good hotel to stay	I found their services to be very poor and staff reluctant to entertain the guests. The locker in the room was not working and at reception I asked them to keep my passport. They retorted by telling me that I should keep the passport in locker in the room. When I told them locker is not working, they said sorry but they can't keep. They didn't either change the room or got the locker repaired.This hotel is near by a railway station and it was difficult to sleep with trains hooting away whole night.	
May 10 2009 	Perfect Business Spot	It is the perfect Business hotel in the heart of the city. The hotel has a great SPA which you should visit and use the facility. The resturant has a big spread of menu and food is average. Lot of place to hang around near by and shopping too.	
May 6 2009 	Loved the new decor of hotel	Visited this hotel on a business visit and was very pleased with the arrangements. The hotel is just renovated and it’s a great atmosphere to mix business with pleasures in that hotel. Rooms are very good and I enjoyed the stay. The only problem here is the STAFF not friendly, the room service takes a lot of time and most of the time the staff is too confused if you ask them anything, they are a bit rude a bit attitude problem I can say. Overall well equipped, good food, great bar a perfect place for business if they have a better staff.	
May 2 2009 	love 24/7	i like the overall experience ...and moreover i visit 24/7 very frequently ..im in love with it totally...coz you get liquor there 24/7 ..name suggests all ...	
May 1 2009 	Good Hotel for a Business Traveller	A good-quality business hotel in a convenient location with excellent dining options.	
Apr 29 2009 	Hate the place	This was a crazy stay. Was booked for two nights with my family, but it was possibly the worst stay ever.Checkin etc was smooth, but the first evening, the air conditioner for the entire hotel went off. There was some scheduled maintenance going on and was supposed to go on for a couple of hours initially, but it went on till the next afternoon.In Delhi's heat, this five star hotel gave us a torrid time. The staff ran out of fans and we could not even open our window.The staff did not help much. I ended up arguing with them regarding the fare they were charging me. They had the gall to present me with a full bill on check out. It made me furious.Terrible, terrible, terrible.One positive thing about the hotel is it's good location. If you are willing to walk a few steps, CP is almost next door.	
Apr 28 2009 	Better After Renovation	The Lalit has come up with a New Look after Renovation , The Rooms are Much better and location as usual is good Close to many of the offices. The Restaurant is also very nice	
Apr 25 2009 	Great Experience	In totality it was a great experience. Food, stay was really satisfying and to add to that, slept really well after a really long work schedules. Service at the restaurant was good. The Hotel was very secure too.	
Apr 25 2009 	Great place	Stayed in the presidential suite for 1 night due to unavailability of space. Rate of 400 USD per night, did not matter since my client was paying! It was one of the best experiences of my life. The complementary wine, the jacuzzi and the rest of the services were first class. The brekfast was excellent as well. The decor was fantastic and the location of the hotel is perfect for access to central New Delhi. Recommended for anyone wanted to stay in an upmarket place	
Apr 20 2009 	Dont touch the mini bar!	Goes without saying I suppose, but tired and frazzled after a days travel the thought of a reviving G&amp;T is irresistble until you clock the prices in this hotel . R900for a gin or other spirit then add tax on top. They know how to charge here. Also beware of the buffet, average though it is, costs R1770. You expect excellent service at this price, but it took over an hour before I could get into my room as the wrong key card was issued 3 times.	
Apr 17 2009 	intercontinental touch is missing...	While, I had been going in this hotel for a while, this was part of the priority club and now probably independent and named as Lalit. The intercontinental touch is gone, the service level has gone down and I found the people to be more aloof than before. Their breakfast used to be one of the very best and very exhaustive. They were able to amintain that so far, however I see people are little disoriented now. The maintanance of their gym and swimming pool is also going poor now.	
Apr 17 2009 	Lalit good value for money	The Lalit has been through a major overhaul and the renovated rooms are well appointed with large flat TVs, glass walled bath and shower area and a huge glass window to give a view of the city.Elevators are still being upgraded to the wait is sometimes longer.Food was not upto the standards of the old hotel (Intercontinental). Breakfast was boring with only one fresh juice and one canned juice option. Usual eggs and sausage (no smoked salmon) and Indian parathas and dosas etc.The mini bar has flavoured water for Rs 175/- which is a total rip off. The hotel only gives you 2 small bottles of water per day which is not adequate.Staff is a bit uncertain at times, check out took a long time.All in all a good hotel at a modest price in New Delhi's Connaught Place area.	
Apr 16 2009 	Very good hotel - would recommend it.	Just back from a 4 night stay at The Lalit. Very impressed with the hotel - pick up from airport and check in were very smooth and quick and staff were all very friendly and eager to help. Really good location - very easy to get a taxi/auto rickshaw or even walk up to Connaught Place. The doormen were always ready to get you a taxi and not push the hotel cars.We had two double rooms on the 21st floor and, although you could see the railway line from one room, the noise from the trains was very distant and did not bother us at all. The rooms were very well equipped - the only thing lacking was the usual hotel guide, although there was a room service menu. The bathroom was very nice, but the mini bar was very sparsely stocked - only things in the fridge were one can each of coke and fanta!! (although they did provide 4 bottles of water every day). Breakfast was very good and we ate at the 24/7 lobby restaurant one night which was very nice, although the continual repeating chillout music got on your nerves after a while.My daughters really enjoyed the pool area - in particular the lovely lounging chairs on the edge of the pool and my eldest and myself used the spa and thoroughly enjoyed it - very reasonably priced, too. Wouldn't hesitate to stay there again if in New Delhi. Had a really nice short break on the whole and we were not harrassed half as much as we expected even though my 18 yr old has long blonde hair and attracted lots of 'friendly stares' and lots of requests for photographs!	
Apr 10 2009 	great breakfast spacious clean room too much noise from trains	excellent hotel in terms of cleanliness, service, quality of food (especially at breakfast) and safe. However, too close to train station, so lots of noise all night and day. Good location though.	
Apr 6 2009 	NAIL IN THE MAIN BED..GOT HURT DR IN HOTEL GAVE AN ANTI TITANUS INJECTION	nail in the frame of the main bed which hurt me in the leg..a Dr was summoned and who gave an anti titanus injection...later i found other rooms carpertners banging away at the beds as they may have had the same problem also the hotel is too close to a railway station with trains hooting away day and night..	
Apr 5 2009	Nice Comfortable Hotel Room for Improvement	We stayed three nights in total with a wedding party. The hotel's decor is very impressive and modern. The rooms are comfortable and we had nice views of the city. The breakfast is decent but I've had better at similar level of hotels.The pool area is also newly renovated and is very nice. But I almost wished that it's indoor because the air in Delhi is just so polluted that it wasn't very enjoyable breathing in all the fumes and pollution while relaxing at the pool.The major complaint that I have is on the service. Check-in is extremely slow. If there were two or three people in front of you on line, be prepared to wait for over 20 minutes just to check in. We had to check in twice because our three nights were split up and both times we had similar experience.Also staff at front desk seem confused sometimes. One time a front desk person actually told me the wrong information regarding hours of the sauna room in the gym area. Another time I wanted to break a large bill and the person sent me down the desk to another area but ended with no one helping me. Despite the hiccups in service, it was a comfortable hotel and I would stay here again if I could get a good deal on a room.	
Mar 29 2009 	Good could do with some improvements	I stayed at this Hotel for one night on a Business Trip to Delhi. Hotel is quite centrally located, thats a major plus point.Crowded Lobby, Check in was chaotic, took some time to get my room allocated. Staff seemed confused and unable to handle large crowds at the same time.Room was nice and spacious, excellent view of the city, large comfortable bed, clean and large bathroom. Room Amneties were excellent. They even had cellphone chargers for most models in the room. Tried out room service for dinner. Order arrived on time, Food was good, not excellent.Breakfast spread the next morning was basic, not something to write home about. The Lunch buffet was however excellent, though expensive.There are two things that I did not like about the Hotel.1. The staff tend to linger around waiting for tips, it happened to me thrice during my stay. This irritated me quite a lot.2. Though Recession has brought down Hotel Tariffs, the rates for the all the other services and facilities remain the same. It seems stupid to pay over inflated prices for almost everything when the same thing is available outside for 1/10th the price. So even though I was travelling on company expense, it pinched.overall an average experience. recommended for Business travel only.	
Mar 26 2009 	Luxury Hotel Superb Location! Loved It!!!!!!	I've just stayed at the Lalit with my family for 2 nights in March.. This hotel is definately worth it's points. The minute u walk in to the lobby, the features and decor are very modern. The service was great, I couldn't say a bad thing about it, the pool area was lovely, my kids loved it. I've stayed in some 5 star hotels before, but this was even better than the ones we've stayed in London. You wouldn't be disappointed, I would recommend this hotel to anyone. There was alot of business people around, but on our second day there was a few more families. There is a pastry shop in the hotel which is not to badly priced, but other than that we ordered drinks at the poolside bar, which was very steep. We had breakfast in the 24/7 restaurant, which was lovely, it was probably the best meal my kids had had since we had been in India. There was such a wide range, to cater for all. The hotel also had agradin area, where daytime shows were on, also on the second floor the hotel has a range of boutiques and gift shops. The best thing about the Lalit was the location. It is literally 5 minute walk from Connaught Place, 5 minute car jouirney to the train station and it only took us half an hour in peak time to the Airport. Overall, I would say I made a very good choice staying at the Lalit. I'd been looking for accomadtion for nearly 2 months prior to my journey. Having 3 young children, I wanted a nice hotel, with a good pool and in a good location. I had firstly booked the Radisson, but cancelled last minute due to it's location. Lalit was definately very impressive!	
Mar 8 2009 	The Lalit: A magnificent surprise in a great Delhi location	I spent 4 days at this hotel in mid-Feb with my wife and son. The hotel was arranged by our Delhi office so I was a little surprised it was not a brand that I recognized....but boy, what an absolutely outstanding experience! While every aspect of my experience was great, with no negatives, here are the highlights:1. The people were the best thing about this hotel.....they were warm, friendly, polished and VERY hospitable. They made us feel really welcome and service was excellent at every place. (I thought they had mistaken me for some VIP, but my wife and son had the same experience). 2. The rooms were very nice..... bright, tastefully furnished, fairly large, and very well equipped. 3. The 24/7 restaurant is probably the best &quot;coffee shop&quot; I have experienced.....great food, served beautifully, in a very pleasant setting. The breakfast buffet was outstanding. While we had intended to eat out and try Delhi's many restaurants, we ended up eating here pretty much all the time, . 4. The facility overall was beautiful.....it was rich without seeming formal; very bright, airy, beautifully decorated, with a collection of art by top Indian artists. (It's the only hotel I know of that has a full-time curator! ).5. The location was superb....right in Connaught Place, in central Delhi. It is hard to find a better location in Delhi. It is close to shopping, business, government, parliament, the historic old Delhi, the newer monuments, etc.. Given Delhi's traffic congestion, that was a major boon. I understand that the hotel has been recently renovated, which I am sure added to its attractiveness, but I have to believe that the outstanding service and flawless operation we experienced was the result of excellent management. (And you could see them all over the place all the time!). Bottom line, a superb hotel we would gladly recommend to our friends.	
Mar 8 2009 	Loved this hotel	I loved this hotel! I've travelled a lot and this would have to be one of the nicest hotels I have stayed in. The room was fabulous, the staff were very attentive and helpful. The buffet was amazing - breakfast lunch and dinner and room service was spot on. The room was quiet, it had an ironing board - the only hotel I came across in India that had one!!! Attention to detail was excellent in the room - variety of newspapers, chocolates - all I can say was it was fantastic. Only downside was the pool was still closed for renovation, and the restaurant was a little expensive, but overall - I'd highly recommend it.	
Feb 18 2009 	Recently renovated but pool is closed.	Nicely renovated hotel. Good size rooms. Excellent interior decor. Somewhat noisy, even though our room was on a high floor. The hotel is right at the heart of the city. Dining is open 24/7, and breakfast is a tremendous feast. Pool is currently being renovated so is closed; gym is small but functional.	
Feb 4 2009 	a treat	When we first arrived in New Delhi we stayed at the Shangri-La but found it to be rather cold &amp; standoffish. When we returned to new Delhi we went to check in at Shangri-La again but found they's increased the nightly rate over 25% or 120 USD in less than 2 weeks. We looked around and found La Lit to be the most reasonable luxury hotel that were willing to negotiate a fair price. The newly renovated rooms were stunning &amp; almost identical to rooms at the Shangri-La. We found the hotel atmosphere a lot friendlier and more welcoming and always bustling with locals and travellers. The breakfat buffet was outstanding! If given the choice would definately stay at La Lit! Would highly recommend this hotel- a real treat.	
Feb 3 2009 	Excellently-designed city hotel dismal service	We stayed at the Lalit recently on a visit to Delhi. The hotel has a lot of strong points...the design is top-notch: rooms are spacious, comfortable and fitted with high-quality and modern finishings/furnishings - you get what you pay for. The hotel is within walking distance of Connaught Place shopping and dining, metro stations and even some other sites of interest. The 24/7 restaurant downstairs is fantastic, offering one of the best selections of food I have seen at a hotel in India. The major let-down were the poor response to some of the simply requests we had made, such as a packed breakfast, water, information, etc...I was expecting better. Extra services are mostly overpriced and poor in quality, as well. Overall, the accomodation represents the price you pay in an expensive city like Delhi, but they really need to work on their confused, disinterested staff. I did not encounter any signs of renovation work during my stay. Maybe it is over?	
Jan 2 2009 	Impressed!	This hotel is now called &quot;The Lalit - New Delhi&quot;.I stayed at this hotel for four nights. The hotel was under renovation at the time of my stay (including rooms and public spaces). I stayed in a recently renovated room. The room was very nice. Service throughout my stay was excellent. I ordered room service once (excellent and reasonably priced) and had multiple meals in the lobby dining area (24/7). The breakfast buffet is a decent value although the lunch buffet is very pricey (~$40/pp).I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Dec 22 2008 	Avoidable hotel	My experience was similar to that of Isabella. I stayed last week for 3 nights.Lobby and rooms are fine like most economical 5 stars but the hotel is undergoing major repair and therefore very noisy. Though the management always says that the work is mostly over or they stop work in the night if guests object etc but the fact is throughout the day and night carpenters, electricians and masons keep working and stop for 15 minutes if you object repeatedly and then resume work again which at times is very noisy. Very difficult to find restful sleep in this hotel. Besides, the hotel is very close to the train tracks and train make a big siren to keep people away from passing the tracks.Staff is a mixed lot, some are very polite and some very rude.Avoidable hotel.	
Dec 18 2008 	Worth the price...if the price is mid-market	My experience was most similar to IsabellaNewYork in her review below. There are some real nice touches in this hotel: recently-renovated rooms are modern and attractive with a big flatscreen TV and funky bathrooms. Also, the morning breakfast was very good, and I didn't have the service problems that others had. In fact, it seems like the staff may have recently had a training course, since they were frequently extremely solicitous. I would add that there is also a nice gym on the mezzanene floor that is open 24/7.On the other hand, this is still a work in progress. I can report that, as of late December, the loud bangings associated with continued renovations are ongoing, though I never experienced it late at night. Also, my room (like IsabellaNewYork's) was on the side with the train station, and while I got used to the constant whistles, it would be a much better experience on the other side of the building. Having traveld to India in the immediate aftermath of the Mumbai attacks, I was able to negotiate a much cheaper rate than TripAdvisor is listing (my rate was about $180), which I think is a very good deal given the high price of business hotels in Delhi and the many near-5-star ammenities this hotel offers.As others have noted, this hotel has shed its association with the InterContinental chian and is now called the Lalit New Delhi. All cabbies seem to know it as the InterContinental still, however.	
Dec 2 2008 	Really good Hotel	This is really excellent hotel, with exception: they did some works by night and there was more dust on the floor in front of hotel (in the morning). I came in Hotel very often early in the morning (01.00 - 03.00 o'clock) and must walking under the wall-workers -construction), on the other entrance and so on.Service was OK, food, people are very kind.	
Nov 22 2008	Overpriced	The hotel has some great plusses and a few major negatives. Reception staff do not seem able to cope and are quite rude and off hand. Checking in is slow and my luggage took nearly forty minutes to arrive after completing the formalities. The lift service is totally inadequate. I regularly waited over five minutes for a lift to arrive (either on the lobby level or on the 18th floor where my room was located) and then it stopped at nearly every floor. The 24/7 restauant (main cafe style buffet eatery) serves excellent food but is very expensive compared to other indian hotels - rip off levels. The bedroom was superb with every comfort imaginable and excellent bathroom. Good location but the overall package could be so much better.	
Nov 6 2008	Nice stay	The hotel has been recently renovated. The new look is very contemporary. Our stay was great, the rooms have a very modern look. The front facing rooms have a beautiful views. The bathrooms are very spacious. The restaurants especially 24/7 and Baluchi are very good.	
Oct 21 2008 	awefull	This is a rip off joint. I have stayed in hotels ranging 3 star to 7 stars but this is the only one which wouldn't give any star ever. They charge like they are the best hotel in new delhi but other than that they have nothing. I'd have been better off in a B&amp;B for 2000Rs. Thats how much I think they should charge.No customer service, aweful food, construction and wierd check in process on 3-4th floor. The lady was good looking though.Thanks	
Oct 16 2008	Problematic hotel with potential	Service in this hotel is hit and miss. Sometimes excellent and friendly, sometimes incompetent and rude. Overall, the hotel definitely has a long way to go to provide a consistent 5 star experience. Room was nice and very modern, with flat screen TV and a futuristic bathroom. Room had absurdly loud noise coming from a nearby commuter railway station. Trains were making piercing signals at all hours to warn people off the tracks. Have never experienced such noise levels in a hotel room, despite years of travelling around Asia. If you stay in this hotel, make sure to get a room away from the railway station!Hotel is 5 minutes walking distance from Connaught Place, a big shopping area that is dirty and has been decaying for decades. The area is nevertheless popular with tourists, and has a couple of decent restaurants.A couple of nights I was woken up around 1 am from loud banging that went on for a couple of hours: extensive renovation work is going on in the hotel at all hours.Breakfasts were excellent. Nice, bright restaurant and wide food selection. Staff sometimes seem tired and unmotivated. Getting a coffee refill is often a challenge.Dinner in the same restaurant was a depressing affair. When I pointed out that a particular vegetable was missing from the pizza despite being mentioned on the menu, the waiter silently took the plate away. He returned about seven minutes later, having added the missing vegetables on the original dish. The pizza by now was cold and even less appetizing. Another time, a salad in the main restaurant was mediocre.Room service was disappointing, to say the least. &quot;Grilled vegetables'&quot; turned out to be an unappetizing soup-like dish that was inedible. A sandwich was soggy an also unappetizing. Coffee was so weak it looked like weak tea. It is very hard to believe that any professionally trained chef could have had any hand in this food fiasco!Internet in the room is horrendously expensive, at 1.248 rupees including tax (more than 26 USD!). The login-process is clunky and sometimes problematic.Elevators are often malfunctioning, and there are often long waiting times.Indian newspapers have reported that starting next year, this hotel will no longer be part of the Intercontinental chain.	
Sep 14 2008 	Exellent hotel	This is a very good quality hotel, excellent facilities, huge, beautiful rooms, very clean, spectacular breakfasts, good restaurants, good service, very safe, knowledgeable staff. Would definitely go there again.	
Aug 23 2008 	under renovation for at least one month or two !	We booked in this hotel for 2 nights in august to have some restfrom busy india, during august in delhi choose a hotel with swimming pool if possible its so hot !Well the reservation office forgot to tell us that the whole building and swimming was under renovation, that means dust and noise we chose a standard room, they gave us a suite but when the door lift opened, clouds of dust and noise invaded the corridor, it was like a joke movie.... we ran away from the hotelI wouldnt recommend this hotel for its lack of information or sincerity...	
May 20 2008 	Totally Horrible Service	Stayed there from 16-19 May. It was horrible experience. The staff was unfriendly. I arrived in the hotel at midnight. When I lined up for check-in at 3rd floor, the staff gave a head signal to the bellboy and asked him to take me to international club at 20th flr for check-in. That was really rude. She didn't even bother to say anything to me. The hotel is going through renovations. I could hear the noise/bang sound when I woke up in the morning. I still could hear the bang when I came back to the hotel before dinner time. The TV and telephone in my room didn't work at all. I used my international mobile to call receptionist and informed her that telephone in my room didn't work. All TV channels, except one, had no signals. It took forever for them to fix this.Unless the hotel upgrades their quality of service and improves its staff etiquette and professionalism, this hotel does not deserve to be called 'class hotel'.I really hate this hotel and will never recommend it to my friends and networks!	
May 15 2008	Best value "good" hotel in Delhi great gym.	The intercontinental is my hotel of choice for Delhi. In an expensive city, it offers good value. As already noted, the renovations are not too disturbing.The rooms are fantastic and the hotel's best feature. Most if not all have plasma tvs and great bathrooms. The gym/spa is fantastic and a great way to finish the day. The restaurant is also excellent, open 24 hours (and experienced this by ordering a steak at 3am - perfect) and the bars offer a wide choice. The location is brilliant and if you dont want to pay c.£200, this is a great option.	
May 13 2008 	Beware of the renovations!	Stayed at this hotel for a couple of days R&amp;R and sightseeing at the end of a business trip in the region and have to say I was disappointed.The location of the hotel is great, on the edge of the Government district of new Delhi but within very easy walking distance of Connaught Place - but the quality did not live up to my expectations of an Inter-continental.The main thing to frustrate me was that the hotel is currently in the midst of major renovations. The lobby is reduced to being a corridor - some of the lifts are out of action and significantly, the pool and surrounding area is completely a building site. The pool is to be closed for 3-4 months apparently. Hammering and drills started at 8 in the morning and carried on until late at night. Worst of all however - even though I only booked 2-3 weeks before travle, I was told none of this and there was no mention on the hotel website.I did stay in one of the renovated rooms and it was very nice (if slightly small) but there were clearly teething problems. My broadband wouldn't work so I had to call a guy to come and set me up with a separate connection each time I needed to go on line. And the cost of the broadband was extortionate! The 24hour restaurant was unaffected by the renovation but the food was ok at best - breakfast was a big disappointment. Room service was polite and prompt with a good selection, but again food quality was average at best.In summary, great central location, with the potential to be great - but get the renovations out the way first, and then expect to pay over the odds for average food and service	
Apr 10 2008 	The Level of Service is Impressive	I am on a PC points stay at this property. As an Royal Ambassador, this is the best value in the system. The level of service and attention to detail is extrordinary. My sense is tht they deeply care about the people staying at the hotel. Because I am here for medical reasons, the location of this hotel is ideal -- 2 blocks from Bengali Market. 3 Blocks from connaught place.The rennovated rooms are very nice if you don't want a suite. I would opt for an executive suite or luxury suite in the Presidential tower. I stayed 2 nights in 1115. Very quiet. looks over the pool (now close d for rennovation). But the two luxury suites on the 21st floor are good for sleeping. Room 2121 has a great view of the cricket fields at the Modern school, and the view wraps around. It's pretty spectacular.If you are an PC Ambassador, the club lounge has breakfast 8-10:30, tea 3-5, and cocktails 6:30-8:30. It is on the 20th floor right below 2121. The 21st floor presidential rooms have no one on top of you. They are very quiet--but not yet rennovated.The elevators are under wraps right now so sometimes you might have to wait. But the new spa, steam room, suana and gym portend a bright future for this property once it is completely rennovated.	
Mar 2 2008 	Comfortable stay.	Stayed at &quot;The Grand&quot; from 25th to 28th Feb. We had travelled up from Goa and looked forward to our first trip to Delhi. I had pre paid for the room and check in was efficient and professional. I requested a renovated room and was given a beautifully apointed room on the 11th floor. Rm 1127. The room was very confortable and you can request harder pillow if the soft pillows are not to your liking. I was already aware of the ongoing renovations but wasn't aware that the pool is also closed. It didn't affect our stay as the visit was short. We availed of the buffet meals every day and the quality was excellent if not a little expensive by Indian standards. The location is excellent and it is only a short walk to Connaught Place. We also walked to India Gate. Taxis are easy to to arrange with the consierge staff. The only &quot;not so positive&quot; incident happened at checkout. I was given my bill and the hotel had again charged me for the accomodation that I had already pre paid. I didn't notice until I had left the desk. I returned to the desk and pointed out the error. The situation was recitified but it was done with a grimace from the desk. I was not offered an apology or an explanation. However, I have booked again to stay from 3rd to the 6th June 2008. I would recommend this hotel if you are visiting Delhi. The renovations are hardly noticable and the staff are generally professional and helpful.Ken Brydon and PJ Hogan	
Feb 22 2008 	In spite of ongoing renovations - a class hotel	Over the past several years I have stayed at the Grand on at least five occasions - and if it was as bad as some reviewers have made it out to be, I would not have stayed there as often as I did. In fact, for New Delhi it is very good. I have stayed at the Crowne Plaza (Friends Colony), Le Meridien, the Maurya Sheraton and the Imperial, and for comfort, value and service, it is the equal of all but the Imperial, which I rate as one of the world's great hotels. The renovated club rooms are superb.No doubt it is expensive, nearly $500 a night for a renovated club during a high demand period (during an international trade fair), but similar hotels in New Delhi are even more expensive. When I visited, the hotel was still undergoing renovations - the lobby was restrictive and the pool closed. However, other than that there were no impositions on the guests. The Indian restaurant (Baluchi?) on the third floor was superb and good value for a 5 star hotel in New Delhi. The Chinese Restaurant on the roof top was disappointing. The 24/7 bar in the lobby has gone modern (glass and clean lines) and not to my taste - I preferred the old Champions Sports Bar which it replaced. Having said that, it is a good watering hole, excellent service, good selection of drinks and best of all, open 24 hours a day.For the business traveller this is a very good hotel - good rooms (renovated ones), good service and good location. I would also recommend this hotel for the tourist, especially if they can get a discounted rate. A very satisfactory hotel, indeed.	
Feb 18 2008 	Good for business travellers and tourist	This hotel is conveniently located in the heart of New Delhi. Facilities are good, even if at the present time (02/2008), some refurbishing work is causing some limited access to the lobby. I have used the internal travel agency to arrange a one day tour of the town and I have been very pleased of the service offered. I paid 1000 rupees (20$) for a full day group tour; it turned out that the group was only a party of three and the guide was excellent, he spoke a good english, was very well prepared and ready to answer any question. I have also tried two internal restuarants, offereng respectively indian and chinese food. A little bit pricey (50$ for a good dinner, without wine) but still acceptable. Main negative point is the noise from the nearby railway line, quite loud.Overall I can recommend this hotel to both business travellers and tourists.	
Jan 26 2008 	Not worth the high cost	The hotel is undergoing some major construction. The lobby is not really a lobby with the construction going on. The taxi and rickshaw drivers have a tough time finding this place for some reason. We were put in a room that is not renovated yet. It was ok, but the renovated section looks so much better. The rooms are very spacious. The hotel seems to be more of a business type hotel. It just didn't justify the price we paid for it.The concerige service is not very helpful and quite unfriendly. The room service and restaurants are very good. Everything I ordered was very tasty. I don't think I would stay here again.	
Jan 10 2008 	Fantastic	After reading the mixed reviews on here I had fairly low expectations about this hotel. In fact it was a fantastic surprise. The renovation works continue but are now of minimum disruption and the newly refurbished areas are really great, with very modern and cool design. The reception area was not completely finished although even here you can see how good it's going to look. We were given one of the refurbished rooms on the 21st floor and it was very cool with great piture window, modern interior design, giant LCD TV and DVD, cool bathroom with seperate rainshower.The heated (useful in January) outdoor swimming pool on one of the hotel's roofs is a real bonus as it's wonderful to escape to this tranquil space in the middle of the hustle and bustle of Delhi city centre. It was dissapointing that the spa was more or less out of service, with just some basic facilities available. The hotel's website is kept up to date with what is and is not available during the works though.The Grill restaurant on the top floor has a great menu and they're happy to make something off menu for you if you ask. The quality's great. Breakfast's also top notch. I stayed in the Taj Palace a few weeks earlier and much prefered the Intercontinental Grand. It's much cooler, has more buzz and a better location all for a similar price.	
Dec 28 2007	Expensive ( 314€/night) - in Indian comparison	This place is way too expensive by India comparison. And by international comparison as well. Even in Tokyo you can stay at cheaper price and with more comforts.LOCATIONNote that there is anotehr The Grand New Delhi in the city as well. This place has nothing to do with Intercontinental The Grand. Taxi driver may have problems finding this place even though it is supposedly centrally located. So have the address at hand. And even if you have the address taxies may not find the place. Intercontineltal The Grand states it is on the Marakhambra Avenue, off Connaught Place. In reality it is some 700 metres from Connaught Place and not on Marakhambra Avenue but on a small side street off it and next to the highway and very close to the railway. You can here the trains passing by in rooms facing east.ROOMSStay away of the old rooms at all cost. The new rooms are very very nice (see prictures). However at over 300€ per night these are way too expensive. Especially by international comparison. Furthermore, hotels on Jampath are more centrally located - and some of them cheaper.HOTEL PREMISESThe lobby area was undergoing a major refurbisment in December 2007. Check in facilities were crammed to one corner while the whole otherwise big lobby was closed off for renovations. Pool area is a serous need of renovation as well. Gladly the pool was heated. Restaurant on the ground floor is of international standard - but at similar of even higher prices.RECOMMEDATIONInstead of the big international names I would look for a 3 star Indian operated place close to Jampath. You'd get more value for you money - at a fraction of the cost.	
Nov 28 2007	Short stay in a flash one	The room rate was extortionate (US$550/night plus taxes) but the room was incredible. How the team here made a small room into a masterpiece of open space architecture is incredible. The illusion of a large room is great. If you are a Hotel Architect, go here and check out the magic.Very impressed with the small things too like International Power Plugs as standard!The renovations down stairs were still on and that also affected the Gym setting. The pool meshed over is an interesting concept but it does not keep out the smog!.The breakfast setting was stunning and the ground floor restaurant is brilliant. There is tons of choice for food at breakfast here.Loved it...except for the room rate!ProsBest room setting for standard hotelBreakfast!Service was exceptional in all aspectsConsRoom price	
Nov 21 2007 	Avoid at all costs!	Stayed on 18th Nov fortunately for only one night. As foyer is being rebuilt we were sent to a waiting area on first floor to check in. This backed on to the works and we were seperated by only a short wallfrom the building going on. It was extremeley dusty and noisy. One worker was arc welding a few feet from where we were sitting! The man who came to check us in was oblivious to the problem. We were in the unmodernised rooms. These are disgraceful. The carpets were badly stained and sticky. The bath was badly rusted around the waste and looked dirty. The new rooms may be nice but the old ones would do shame to a one star hotel. We went into the restaurant to see if we could have a meal. We were told that only meal available was Sunday Brunch. Thiis was a buffet costing 3,000 rupees each (about £40 ). We had no alternative but to go for this as there are no nearby restaurants. 20 minutes after going in we were told that the buffet was closing in 2 minutes. Sure enough in 2 minutes they started to clear away the food. No one had bothered to tell us that the buffet was about to close when we went in. We were still charged the 3.000 rupees.Do not go near this hotel!	
Nov 14 2007	The Intercontinental The Grand Delhi	We stayed at the Intercontinental during a short business trip intending to stay longer when the trip was ended but we changed our minds. The new rooms are big and have a glass walled see through bathroom but not a single mirror lit properly to apply make up in my case or shave in my husbands case -too trendy by half. A plasma screen TV not programmed in in either room we stayed in. The main problem alongside the constant renovation is that there is no decent outside space.The terrace by the dining room could be nice but has an extractor fan from the kitchen fed directly onto it and the poolside is grubby and meshed over and is not welcoming. For a business stay make it short and for a holiday go to a hotel with an outside space or a garden.Ask for a room overlooking the pool - otherwise the railway station keeps you awake all night.	
Nov 10 2007	Great Stay	I was in new Delhi for business and stayed at the Intercontinental Grand. I think that this hotel is great! I was upgraded to a Club Room with free breakfast. I love the contemporary feel of the Intercontinental. Although it is undergoing renovations, my stay was very comfortable. Staff are great and I have really nothing to complain about. The chauffered mercedez car that we hired from the hotel for 3 days also made our journey through meetings in New Delhi very easy and the driver has great knowledge of the area. He brought us to interesting tourist areas in between our meetings. The Wok restaurant at the 28 level has amazing food. The breakfast served at &quot;24/7&quot; restaurant was adequate.	
Nov 7 2007 	Rip of	After reading other reviews, I got a renovated room, so far so good. The decoration is Ok for a 5 star hotel. Service I received was only 2 star class worth, for exemple the shower was not ounes cleaned during my stay, also they never vacuumed the room. The breakfast was very basic. The rate for such hotel + service is a real rip of.	
Oct 28 2007 	On its way up.	I stayed at the Intercontinental - The Grand last week for 2 mights while in Delhi on business. Its the second time I've stayed in this hotel, the first time was about 2-3 years ago, and its definately improving.A few words of warning. The hotel is currently under rennovation, and so the lobby is a real mess. Its all boarded up and there is no where to sit. They told me that 3/4 of the rooms have already been rennovated, and I was upgraded from a regular king room to a &quot;club&quot; room. From my room I wasn't disturbed by the noise of the rennovations, but the smell of paint in the lobby is almost overwhelming. They also told me rennovations will be complete by March 2008, so keep all this in mind.I remember from the last time I was there the rooms were typical Indian old style, carpet on the floors and classic furniture. They were nice rooms but they were nothing fancy. Certainly well below what you would expect from an Intercontinental. But the rennovated rooms are absolutely superb. Parquet floors, a bed that was on par with Shangrila beds (which are my usual favorite), modern decorations, a 42&quot; plasma TV, and a fantastic bathroom with a separate bath and a huge rain shower. The bathroom has glass walls so you can watch CNN while you're in the shower (or on the loo!). I have to say the room was trully 5 star. There was also a nice big desk and a comfortable office chair, the same one that is pretty much standard for Intercontinental. One gripe, the internet connection was good, but very expensive. After tax it was 1250 rupees (about 25 euros) for 24 hours, which is ridiculous.I ate the buffet in the 24/7 cafe. The cafe/restaurant itself has been fully renovated and is very nice. The food was excellent, but typically expensive - about 2000 rupees for lunch or dinner per person. Service was excellent.The gym was a bit of a dissapointment - very small and no eliptical cross trainer. Hopefully that will also eventually be changed. Location is good, very central in Delhi.Overall, the hotel is definately going in the right direction. Its well on its way to a genuine Intercontinental standard. One note: Hotels in New Delhi are INSANELY over-priced. I paid 16000 rupees per night (including the luxury tax) which was the lowest rate I could find in any decent hotel in New Delhi. When you compare the room I had with rooms at the Park, or the Metropolitan, or even the Le Meridien, where the rooms were even more expensive, I rate this hotel as excellent value, all things considered.	
Oct 23 2007	Good Hotel for India	Stayed 2 nights and 1 night on seperate visits to hotel in both new and old rooms. I thought the standard of both types of rooms were fairly good; particularly nice beds. The older rooms aren't as nice as the very modern new ones, but the older room I got was much larger. Renovation noise was noticable but I sleep pretty soundly; probably not a good idea to stay in this hotel if you're a light sleeper till they finish. Service is good if you are persistent (like everything in India, things take time and patience). I got some decent food through room service. Breakfast is particularly good. Overall, I'd say it's a good hotel but I'm not too sure I'd pay the full retail price for it (which I didn't).	
Oct 20 2007	watch the phone calls	Watched the phone calls...They rip you stupid in this hotel.I got charged a 12.5% luxury tax on REVERSE charge international calls that NOONE answered at the other end.Paid $4000 rupee for a total of 5 min of calls.Breakfast buffet was pretty good and rooms are very nice, but the views are horrible.	
Sep 29 2007	nice rooms 	This hotel is very old. There is some construction going on, so you might find it a little annoying. Restaurnants and bar are disappointing and pricy. I paid $198/night which I consider as a really good deal since hotels in Delhi tend to be very expensive. Service was excellent and my room was very well decorated and clean. They have DVD players in each room. I brought some DVDs and watched all of them! Internet access is expensive. I paid Rs.1,000/24hrs (about USD25.) Most nice hotels in the U.S. charge $9.99/day, so this is absolutely a lot. Location is ok. It's quite far to Connaught place to walk. But you can always take the subway(only one stop to Connaught place,) or taxi.	
Aug 15 2007 	Grand Ripoff	Ideal location and earnest labor staff aside, the hotel is poorly managed, ridiculously expensive and oddly designed Poor management * Power outages are a norm* Electrical issues in rooms* Missed wakeup call* Uncoordinated reception staffRidiculously Expensive* laundry bill for 1 tshirt, 1 track suite, pair of socks and undershirt was Rs. 1900 = $50+. Criminal.* Internet per day is $30+ (Rs. 1000). Again outrageous.* Cheaper room are in construction areas -- avoid unless you like the smell of varnish and paint and the noise of a hammerOdd Design* trying to be post-modern without following basic design principles* oddest shower stall i have seen* no room to put away clothes* a/c that makes certain areas too cold and the rest of room not as coldEarnest Labor Staff* Not the well-dressed reception area staff who are mostly incompetent, but the poorly paid room service staff and the engineering labor staff.All in all, a hotel that pretends to be something that it isn't and probably doesn't know and doesn't care. For the money you have to pay, there are surely better deals in New Delhi.	
Jul 30 2007 	Good business hotel in city center	This InterContinental property is managed and run by an Indian hotel group which owns &quot;The Grand&quot; brand in India. The hotel is very centrally located if you are on business at Delhi. The recently renovated rooms are great - especially those in the executive floor. A glass-walled bathroom, big-size plasma tv, good bedding, comfortable work desk and top-of-the-line amenities makes the room experience satisfying. The executive lounge is great with nice range of drinks and some finger foods. A good place to socialize and do quick business meetings. The breakfast is good - both on spread as well as on quality. The hotel is undergoing a renovation which can cause some minor disturbance (especially the noise) during your stay. I would recommend this hotel only for those who needs a hotel close to city center. If you are okay with any place in Delhi, you may find a better hotel at a much better price.	
Jul 2 2007 	Charmless but the hotel is going through renovation	The hotel is currently being renovated: ask for one of they renovated bedroom which are very nice, preferably facing the pool (and not facing the train station as it can be very very noisy.)Rooms and restaurant are quite expensive and in my opinion is not worth it. It might be when the hotel will be fully renovated: currently there is no terasse to enjoy a drink in the evening or have your diner. The bar is pretty horrible (undergoound, loud western music, big screen tv, smoky). All in all it is charmless although my bedroom was nice. I was meant to stay 2 weeks, @ $180 a night. I stayed one week and moved to the Imperial for the same price (booked on the net) which is just FANTASTIC. If you want to spend this sort of money in a hotel, do not chose the Grand, or at least not before it is fully renovated.	
May 3 2007	Musty rooms and not very clean	This was not the most expensive place in Delhi and it showed. Our room was very musty and not very clean. Construction was in progress in some of the hotel. We found a much better place for much less money on the south side of Delhi at the end of our trip.	
Apr 20 2007	Floors that should have been closed in this hotel	We recently stayed in this hotel between 14th and 17th April. We were given rooms on 18th and 21st floors (2 occasions). Renovation was ongoing with considerable noise through the day starting at 8.00am to around 6.00pm.Because of the summer heat in Delhi we had to return to the hotel in the afternoons and there was no peace bacause of the noise. This was pointed out to the Customer Relations saffed by a very young inexperienced girl who had to refer to the Manager on duty. The Manager's response was that of &quot;take it or leave it&quot; that is your choice. I can understand his attitude as the rooms were booked through a local travel agent who had been pre-paid.The most polite personnel in the hotel were the lift and baggage attendants.	
Apr 14 2007 	Nice 4 star hotel in a not so nice area.	I was going to India for a week and was terrified to read the reviews of the hotels in Delhi. They all said the hotels were expensive and below par. Well this hotel was very expensive but I have to say it was a solid 4 star hotel. Everything about it was great including the pool, bar, and restaurant. The only bad thing I can say about the hotel staff is that the doorman, who is a large turbine headed man, would give me dirty looks when I gave him a 20 rupee tip for getting me a cab. I though this as uncalled for since the I was told the daily wage in Delhi for a laborer is 80 rupees a day. The hotel restaurant was very expensive with dinner buffet costing about $40 US. But the food was outstanding with a wide variety of continental and Indian foods. So I ate there more than once and enjoyed it.The hall on my floor did smell of insecticide but on the positive note there were no insects. The hotel states that it is on Conneaut Circle which is the center of Delhi. Well it is not on the Circle but about a mile from it. And with the beggars, hawkers and traffic it is only walk able during the day if you have some courage. But it is not walkable at night. And the problem of getting one of the taxis is that I found them quite unreliable with them taking me constantly to their shops or just out of the way. And another point is that once you are in Conneaut Circle there is not much there aside from more beggars and hawkers. I found one decent coffee shop and no restaurants. So if you stay at the hotel don’t think that you will be walking out and be in the center of a cosmopolitan Mecca.	
Apr 12 2007 	Do not recommend as far from "Value For Money"	I frequently come to Delhi for business purpose and I wanted to experience this hotel.With my wife we stayed 4 nights in the first half of April '07. Room attributed to us ,thank to my Priority Club Member card was quite comfortable and well located. In fact we were lucky not to be disturbed by the noise resulting from the rehabilitation work currently in progress. We heard around us many complaints about this. Unfortunately we cannot say the same about the rest of the services.Quality of food available in Self Service Restaurant is relatively poor and choice limited. Certainly overpriced compared to the hotels within the same range.Expresso coffee at 5 USD , of very mediocre quality is more expensive than the express in some Palaces in Europe.Internet available in the Standard Room at 10 USD/ hour is absolutely scandalous. In some Guest House in Delhi/Gurgaon ( B&amp; B at USD 50- 70 ), WIFI internet is available and free!Staff at reception is nice but relatively slow.This Hotel is not reflecting the reputation of ICH group and needs serious improvements.We do not recommend this hotel for the moment.	
Mar 21 2007 	Noisy and beware the renovations	Checked in the afternoon after travelling for 27 hrs and got allocatted a smoking room which reeked of smoke. The room was shabby and needed a complete make-over. After complaining and requesting non-smoking room were offered a room &quot;newly renovated&quot; . Minimalist with a nice plasma screen. Nobody mentioned the fact that the floor's service area was still being renovated which was opposite our room.Needing some shut-eye the constant banging and knocking kept us awake. After calling reception and the duty manager around 7pm &quot;I will tell them to stop immediately&quot;. The banging continued for another 1.5hrs. Also the room was at the back of the hotel facing the railway station; so between the tooting of the trains throughout the night and the banging during the day we got very little sleep over the 3 nights we spent there. This impacted on the business meetings we had as we kept on dozing off!Being &quot;newly renovated&quot;, the bar fridge didn't work (fixed after five attempts by handymen) the hand basin didn't drain and there was a big gap in the ceiling above the shower rose. It seems that these details were not a problem with the front staff as nobody bothered to fix it-even after complaining. There were some big conferences on at the time so the hotel was quite full; explained the attitude of some of the front desk staff.The food at the breakfast buffet was OK but it was better to choose from the a la carte menu for dinner. Beware of the add on charges. We were quoted U$ 30 for 24 hrs of access to internet using wi-fi to which was added a service charge, government tax, as well as a luxury charge so ended up paying 35% more. Cheaper at the internet cafe near the hotel.If you do stay at the hotel ask for a renovated roon away from the railway station and certainly not where they are renovating.	
Mar 13 2007 	Okay hotel but nothing special (maybe overpriced)	I was here for just one day, but I must say that the hotel needs some upgrading. The rooms were perfect, but the lobby/reception could use some upgrading. The staff at the reception is very slow and inefficient. The restaurant is nice. Swimming pool closes too early. Location is fine. Make sure you're minibar is filled with all the things that should be in there!!! Breakfast in business lounge is rather limited I think. For the rest it is ok, but probably a bit overprices (as all hotels in Delhi).	
Mar 9 2007 	OK Hotel	I was somewhat cautious when I stayed here after reading the reviews, but we had no problems at all. I was travelling with 2 other work colleagues and this hotel met our needs just fine. The room was very quiet (aside from the occasional train tooting), but I had specifically asked for a quiet room, and I liked the large plasma TV in my room. Actually a colleague on the higher floor (more expensive), only had a normal Tv! Location is near Connaught place which is relativly central. The Bathroom was a little dark, and the bath tub had a stain in it. But overall for the price etc, I was satisfied with his hotel, plus I only slept and ate breakfast here (of which I liked the freshly cookedwaffles a lot). But avoid breakfast rushhour on Sunday around 10am, too many people!	
Feb 24 2007	Fine for me- but I was lucky	Having read the reviews I dreaded my stay.The room was clean enough- quiet enough-no problems...BUT- it seems I was lucky as other members of the party had had a noisy and miserable night.	
Feb 10 2007 	Avoid bad experience	I was on a 2 week business trip to India and was looking forward to my stay here as all the other hotels I have stayed in here have been excellent. However, this place has some major problems. All sorts of issues that add up to an irritating and unsatisfactory experience. First, I booked a non smoking room. When I went to check in there were no non smoking rooms available and they told me that I could have a smoking room and change tomorrow. When I book something normally it's booked - right? I didn't expect to book something and find it was not really booked. I got the impression there was a big conference that had block booked some rooms, and my one person stay was not too important to them. The room they put me in is above an intersection of 3 streets and as anyone knows who has been to India, on the streets they honk their car horns constantly. This would not have been a problem if the windows closed properly in the room, but they seem to be screwed in place, with some of the screws coming loose, with the effect that some of the windows don't open or close properly and the effect is that the car horn noise comes into the room constantly. The room is OK but pretty shabby. The front control panel is missing from the television. The bathroom does not look particularly clean. Wireless internet is advertised but the wireless does not connect. I was under the impression that having put me in a smoking room I didn't want when I arrived, that someone was going to call me the day after I arrived, to let me know when I was switching rooms - nothing happened. It is the service here that is really lacking. I was knocked out by the service standards of the first hotel I stayed in (the ITC Sheraton &amp; Towers in Chennai), but the service here is poor by the normally high Indian standards. They have this system where you dial &quot;9&quot; for any requests, this links you their &quot;Instant Help Center&quot;. This is a good idea in principle, but the people who answer the phone have such a very poor grasp of English that it can be an irritating experience. I called &quot;9&quot; to ask they why I had not been contacted about changing rooms. They answered the phone with the words &quot;can I help you sir?&quot;, I explained the situation, long pause on the other end of the line, the person then said &quot;can I help you sir?&quot;, I explained again, long pause at the other end of the line, the person then said &quot;can I help you sir?&quot;. You get the picture, you might as well talk to the cat. Instant, but not exactly help. I finally said, &quot;you can't understand anything I'm saying - can you?&quot;, they then said &quot;one moment sir&quot;, pause for 2 minutes of &quot;hold music&quot;. The receptionist was then out on the phone and gave me the impression that they had no intentions of contacting me about my room change, it was kind of up to me to remind them. Not impressive. I also asked them why it was 2pm and my room had not been cleaned. They said there must have been a &quot;DND&quot; notice on the room when the cleaner was there. Why do people in a customer care role use meaningless jargon when dealing with the public? I finally figured out that DND meant &quot;do not disturb&quot;. True - there was a &quot;Do not disturb&quot; notice on my room at 8am, but I'd kinda hoped that between 8am and 2pm a cleaner might have returned. The concierge service was a similarly disappointing experience. I went down there this morning and got some information about a trip to Agra to see the Taj Mahal. The guy gave me some information and I said I'd think about it and come back later. About 4 hours later I went back to the concierge desk and it was unmanned. I waited, and waited and waited. Around 10 minutes went by, with receptionist staff at my side (sometimes not even serving customers) simply ignoring me. I finally got hold of one of the receptionists to try to see where the concierge was and they got hold of somebody. I thought this guy was also a concierge, but it turned out it was just someone they got hold of, he didn't have much of a clue how to help me, but said the concierge would call me by four. Four came and went and I called the ever useful &quot;9&quot; number and asked to be put through to the concierge, long pause again, the receptionist answered and stated that the concierge still was not around, but he would call me in 10 minutes. Thirty minutes later I gave upon getting a phone call and went down to the concierge desk and found him myself. The electricity here also seems to drop out for around 5 seconds, I was sitting in the bath last night and the lights went out. Each time the lights have gone out they have come back on again, but I fear they may not one time. Also a note for all us Americans and Western Europeans who are used to smoking being banned in enclosed public spaces. Word of warning - it is not here, and worse, there is little or no sign-posting to indicate where you can smoke and where you cant. I was having a coffee and a pastry in the coffee area just off reception (where the service was very unresponsive and slow) when I was engulfed in tobacco fumes. This is a pretty horrible experience when you are not used to it. I would not recommend this place, they seem complacent and don't seem to care about their customers. The ITC Sheraton's I have stayed in here have much cleaner rooms and their service standard are excellent.	
Feb 6 2007	Grander than we thought	We stayed at the Intercontinental Grand New Delhi during January 07.On arrival we got a 5* greeting at the door. This was our first time in Delhi so we had no idea what to expect and having read previous reviews on this hotel was a little daunted that it was part of our package. We loved it. Yes there is building work going on so there is some noise at times. The rooms are being updated to reflect the trend in contemporary décor. The views aren’t great but even if they were the smog is so thick you probably couldn’t enjoy them anyway!We were on floor 18 with views of the railway station and the highway with its constant horn blowing. It was fun watching the local life and the horns are part of the experience, just like in New York but louder, longer and more frequent!In our deluxe room we had a super king bed. The sheets and duvet were wonderful, cool smooth cotton of very high quality. It was really comfortable. The bathroom was a little tired so I think this room was awaiting redecoration but it was still clean with mountains of fresh fluffy clean towels. Strangely there was only one robe and one pair of slippers. There was all you could want - shampoo, body lotion, conditioner, soap, shoe shiner, comb, toothbrush kit, shave kit and vanity kit. There was a safe, hairdryer, iron and board, a well stocked reasonably priced mini bar and tea &amp; coffee making facilities. A great little perk was the complimentary provision of 2 litres of mineral water daily. The Delhi news was also delivered daily (printed in English).The food in the hotel was excellent we never had a bad meal any upset tummies.Champions bar was brilliant. A never ending range of international drinks were available and good food. Here superb entertainment was provided by a four piece live band covering some of the best oldies. The drummer does The Eagles &amp; Chris Rear brilliantly and a female singer who could sing Karen Carpenter and Sade. If you weren’t watching you’d have swore they were the real thing - Awesome!Baluchis is the Indian Restaurant. We ate here for one lunch and one dinner during our 3 nights and found it faultless. The service and food was excellent. Tell them what you normally eat back home and they’ll advise on what you might like to order.Rendevous is the international buffet. The choice here was enormous. Ranging from continental, Indian, Chinese &amp; Japanese. The desserts were to die for. Tiny slices and portions so you could have more than one at a time - great to try all the different flavours. Rendevous is also where the buffet breakfast was served; again loads of choice for all nationalities.We didn’t eat at Art Juntion but it is at pool level on the 2nd floor serving snacks such as Nachos, club sandwich etc. There’s a great pool if you get time to use it.Also on Floor 2 is a jeweller. He was very happy to do a deal, very friendly and spoke brilliant English.Taxis and guides are always keen to take you to government shops. These are small malls where Indian handicrafts such as carpets, fabrics, scarves jewellery etc are sold. If you buy carpet, furniture etc the government will pay to send it back home for you. I then later read in ‘rough guide’ that there are fake government shops and whoever takes you there gets commission on your sale so beware if this will bother you.All in all a satisfactory stay was had. The service was good, the rooms were more than comfortable with lots of amenities and the food excellent - what more could you want?	
Feb 6 2007	Good hotel	My 2-nite hotel stay was good. The staff was very helpful. Food was average. Room was average, but still clean and quiet. It was quite pricey, so I can't say the service or facilities were of equal value. Internet access was over $20US for 24 hours.	
Jan 29 2007	Better than expected....	We were concerned about this hotel as a result of TripAdviser reviews but were given reassurances by our booking agent. It was pleasing to find that the hotel in our view provided acceptable, but not wonderful, accommodation in an excellent location for a few days in Delhi. Renovated, minimalist (and upgraded) room was fine with only occasional, minor day time intrusions from the hotel renovation programme. We found the entire reception staff to be most helpful with only one misunderstanding about billing. Room service, especially dealing with minor problems could have been faster and more reliable. Be wary of the inhouse travel service whose drivers like to take you on unexpected shopping expeditions! Excellent breakfast and a Chinese (!) restaurant to remember. Overall, an enjoyable experience in an only slightly faded venue.	
Jan 21 2007 	delayed checkout	i was in this hotel last week ,and can truly say this was a terrible experience,however if you have time on your hands,and dont mind waiting 45 minutes to check out,my collegue waited 1.30 to checkout.this is the place to stay.there are much better hotels than this.	
Jan 18 2007 	Disappointing service from a global brand	The Hotel Intercontinental The Grand in New Delhi in no way lived up to the expectations that we had of either the Intercontinental chain nor any hotel where the rooms cost more than US $300 per night.I was part of a large group staying at the above hotel and also spending considerable amounts on the use of the hotel's conference facilities. We were extremely disappointed with the quality of the accommodation and the level of service received when we raised our concerns.Several members of our group had to request to change rooms because the rooms we were allocated were unsatisfactory: they were dirty, smelled bad or were in generally poor or shabby condition. My own room smelled dreadful and the window did not fit in the frame, meaning a draught came through the gap and I could hear all the traffic noise. We had been offered newly renovated roomsa t the time fo booking, but we had to fight to get them.In general the response from staff was indifferent and not attentive to our concerns the first time they were expressed. I had to call three times to ask to change rooms and was passed to several members of staff and was cut off twice. Even then, I had to wait more than an hour for a resolution, which only came when I went to reception myself to complain. A colleague was offered the opportunity to finally change rooms - at midnight!I appreciate that we are priviledged to be able to stay in such an expensive hotel in a country where there is such abject poverty, but I do not feel that the service justified the price nor that the service relfected that which I would expect of the Intercontinental brand.	
Jan 11 2007 	Loud hotel with unprofessional personnel!	Intercontinental Grand in New Delhi is a huge 25 stories hotel with no soul. They renovated a few rooms on the different floors, they look good, but all the other- old and smelly. Carpets smell so bad, you can't even imagine! And hotel located just next to railway station with trains departing every minute! And next to the main road. As you might know, Indian drivers horn all the time, traffic never stops in Delhi, so it is just inpossible to sleep without strong earplugs. We were in 3 different rooms until we found something quiet. Restaurant is ok, it is safe to eat there. Hotel has an army of personnel, they have a quard on every floor, tonns of concierges and receptionists, and they all want money!!! They grab your bags and then tell you that you should pay them. Unbelievable!	
Jan 4 2007 	Loved It!!	After reading all the reviews, I left London with a heavy heart. The last time I was in Delhi was 6 years ago and we stayed at this hotel and had a great time. But I have to say that the service we received was impeccable. We did stay in the Club rooms, which were pricey but we wanted comfort. The rooms were great. The breakfasts in the morning were superb, the pickups were a great service, and we were very happy. The location is wonderful, and we were able to get around very easily. I would definitely come here again, once we have saved up some money of course!!	
Dec 29 2006	Not recommended at all	The room was nicely decorated but the bathroom was extremely dusty and there was leftover grime in the sink that looked like it hadn't been wiped in ages. The shower drain and sink drain both clogged up, creating a mini flood in the bathroom. The worst part of our stay however was the awful front desk service They could barely speak English and as a result could not answer many of our basic questions. For example, they were supposed to call us with more information about our tour bus pick up time and place, but never called. When I called down to ask for this information, they kept insisting, &quot;No problem ma'am, we have the contact list so we will take care of it. &quot; I tried asking the same question 10 different ways but gave up after a while. As a result of their incompetence, several people were missing on our bus and our departure was delayed by quite a bit. We also placed a 1-800 call to the US that the hotel operator assured us would be free of charge, but the hotel charged us $70 for the call anyway. We tried speaking to management about this but they refused to drop the charge.	
Dec 27 2006 	Very Average	I was pretty disappointed with this hotel for the money. When you pay over USD300 per night you expect better than dirty, noisy, dated rooms and bad food. The breakfast restaurant was terrible. The staff were fairly unhelpful (although the airport pick up was good) and USD10 per 30 minutes for internet access was not acceptable. It is nowhere near a 5 star hotel, I would have thought the Intercontinental group would have better standards than this. I was disappointed.	
Nov 29 2006 	Expensive but shabby	We just got back from a stay here. Location was pretty good, but the hotel is way too expensive for what you get. We paid $380/night (including a +$40 2nd person fee). As other postings note, hotel is being rennovated and is noisy 24 hours a day. Rooms are drab as are the common areas in the hotel.	
Nov 16 2006 	Worst hotel ever	Just stayed at this hotel for three nights and what a dump. A mausoleum - shabby, old, dated, staid, run-down. The check-in staff are useless - half an-hour to check me out and still errors on the bill. The rooms are old, dated and very dirty. The shower fell to pieces. Don't even think about the restaurant. The bar is dark and dingy and completely void of any atmosphere. The hotel has a pool which is used by pigeons and everthing/one gets pigeon excreta on them. Just don't stay here..................	
Oct 24 2006 	Stay somewhere else!	Stayed in this hotel while in India for two weeks on business, and it was not a pleasant experience. There are major renovations going on in the hotel, which means that you can expect to be kept awake by the hammering and drilling until well past 11 at night. Complaints to reception won't get you anywhere.Internet connection is available for 30 minutes, 1 hour, 2 hours, or 24 hours. You cannot simply ask to be connected for the duration of your stay. Even when you get connected, it is often very slow, or occasionally drops the signal.Everything in the hotel is ridiculously overpriced - a buffet breakfast will set you back 650 rupees. And don't even consider wine with dinner, unless you fancy spending 2750 rupees on the cheapest bottle. (Wine that would be 20 euro max in another hotel - in another country - will set you back 60+ euro here.)The rooms were clean, but drab and dull. In the bathroom, the taps were water-stained, and rusting in places. And from my room at least there was no view to speak of.Hotel staff were generally very friendly - especially in the restaurants. And the food was pretty good.If you are looking for a place to stay for a couple of nights, then this hotel would be fine (but pricey), but any more than that and I would say stay somewhere else. And if you want value for money, you won't find it here.	
Oct 7 2006 	Get another hotel	The hotel is under rebuilding and you will know it at your cost. Hammering, drilling, solvents, painting, etc., don't contribute to an enjoyable stay.I requested to change room because of noise, the next room I was glad that improved, except that next day they started to paint that floor, so it was not very &quot;inspiring&quot;.The same problem one year ago.For the price we can have better options in Delhi.Never again ...	
Sep 25 2006 	Very disappointing stay!	I have just spent a week in the Intercontinental Grand, New Delhi. A very tired and ugly looking hotel. The rooms haven't been refurbished for a long time. There was building work going on 24hours a day in a lift shaft near my room which kept me awake every night. The Chinese restaurant on the top floor has closed down, and on both nights when I went to the other restaurant on the top floor, I found I was the only person dining in there. The swimming pool has a net covering it to keep birds out except a dozen pigeons were trapped inside the netting flying around. The hotel is in a run down area of the city close to a highway and railway station with trains running through 24hours a day sounding their horns as they pass the station which is clearly audible from your room. Very annoying at 4am! Then on the last night, I was woken by maintenance at 00:30am to fix the lock on my door which I hadn't even reported broken!!! And to make matters worse, my airport taxi hadn't been booked and when the porters finally arranged one, the driver didn't know his way to the airport!!! All this, at a cost of over $1000 for 6nights! There are much better hotels in Delhi for cheaper, I wouldn’t even bother considering this hotel!	
Jun 24 2006	Nothing Special 	reallly really not worth the money. rooms are ugly/old/ and not clean. don't stay here. don't be fooled by the nice lobby.	
Jun 21 2006	great hotel overall	We stayed here for 2 nights in mid-December - our first stop on a 2 week trip to India. I had stayed here twice before as a young, single female traveler, and felt very safe/comfortable. This time I was with my husband and it was an equally good experience. Our room was in excellent condition, and since we were recovering from jet lag we spent quite a lot of time there! Room service food was quite good, as was the breakfast buffet. We had arranged to have our train tickets sent to the hotel prior to our arrival in India and the hotel staff gave them to us as soon as we checked in. I do think that the Intercontinental, like most 4-5* hotels in Delhi, is somewhat overpriced, but it's worth it for a couple of nights particularly if you are just entering or about to exit the country.	
May 4 2006	Worst hotel I ever stayed in	I wish I could give it a zero instead of one point. This place is absolutely crap. I got billed £500 plus in two days of stay (including food). The room was nothing to write home about - the cushions had stains on them from overuse. The bathroom was absolute rubbish. The service was poor. The staff seemed pretty clueless most of the time. They couldn't arrange a taxi for me and kept me waiting for half an hour. And I had a horrible view of a train platform from my window. Nothing to write home about in terms of views. I will never never stay there again.	
May 3 2006	Great place to stay	We stayed at this hotel in April for 3 night. We had a club room on the 23rd floor. We checked in on the 22nd floor which also has a large lounge where afternoon tea is served to guests as part of the room price. Dainty sandwiches and cakes with a selection of teas are available. Breakfast is sometimes served there as well.Our room was clean and well appointed with a king size bed wing chairs and large corner windows overlooking the city.Although not newly furnished it certainly was not old and tired. Believe me I have stayed a appalling hotels in England at much higher prices than this one with snotty indifferent staff. I found the staff well mannered attentive and ready to help in any way they could. On our last day there we stayed in our room till 3pm. Our plane did not leave till 1 am in the morning. The staff at the desk on the main floor had a whole list of suggestions on how we could spend our time until it was time for the Intercontinental limosine, which was included in the room price, took us to the airport.I read some of the reviews and I cannot relate them to our experience at this hotel. We had a great time there and would certainly stay there again when we go back to India.	
Apr 29 2006	solid hotel	My boyfriend and I stayed here for 2 nights in April as a starting point for a 2 week jaunt through the north of India. I chose this hotel because we wanted something close to Connaught Place and we wanted a good chain. I was under the impression that being near C. P. would be convenient and we could walk there. But really, in retrospect, it's not necessary. You can stay in a hotel that is further away and really not miss any centrality because you can't walk anywhere! It is too dirty and overwhelming so you will wind up in a cab, which cost us $10 for 4 hours and the driver waited for us while went to eat, shop, etc. The hotel is beautiful and our room was great. They upgraded us to a junior suite and the view was stunning. However, all of Delhi smells due to the pollution and this extends into the hotel. I also think that the water they use to mop and in the fountains are really contaminated and smell horrible. But aestetically and service wise the hotel was great. Also, fyi, they charge you some ridiculous luxury tax in Delhi, this is typical of every hotel.We ate at the buffet for breakfast and dinner 1 night and didn't find it to be anything to write home about. The bar food on the other hand was yummy! We had the chicken tikka massala and it was delicious. We ate in Zen in C.P. a chinese restaurant and it was excellent also. We went to a restaurant in G-K-I Market when we returned to Delhi, sorry don't remember the name but it's the only one there, and that was the best one.We thought that the hotel was beautiful. We wanted to use the pool but were absolutely exhausted and passed out on the 1st day after sightseeing. which, by the way, we got the cab driver for $25 for the whole day and he took us everywhere. So bargain with the driver when you get in. I hope this helps. I must say that the hotels in India were really expensive given that it is a developing country and how cheap everything else was! Also, we work for an airline and travel a lot just to give you an idea. We also stayed at the Taj Palace when we were returning so you can check out that write-up also.	
Apr 17 2006	Decent Hotel not great value	New Delhi hotels are expensive and overpriced, that's standard. Lack of competition and a shortage of anything 3*/4* keeps the prices of 5* hotels at a premium. You either go 5* or take a risk with a 2*...which other reviews show can be a very &quot;hit or miss&quot; affair.Intercontinental Grand is in a good location very close to Connaught Place.I stayed in a club room which included breakfast and evening canapes, beer, tea and coffee all day etc.. If you get a good deal it's worth doing for a few dollars extra. Room was fine, bathroom a little tired with a few burn stains in the bath. Service was ok with housekeeping giving you extra complimentary waters for a few rupees tip. Swimming pool was quite good (smallish, but gets the afternoon sun). Only ate in the hotel on my last night before travelling onwards, got &quot;Delhi Belly&quot; after a meal at the hotel's specialist Indian restaurant (which annoyed me intensely).On the whole, a decent hotel but poor value compared to others you might have stayed at.	
Mar 20 2006	The not so Grand	Despite it not being our first choice but due to late booking we stayed at the intercontinetal thinking that the Intercontinetal name would provide reliability.We had a club suite, the room was old and tired it needed a refirb about 2 years ago. Service at the hotel was very average nothing excpetional. The food also was also nothing to write home about.	
Mar 18 2006	Grand is only so - so	I stayed at the Intercontinental Grand for 8 days during the beginning of March 06. The hotel was average in general, certainly not up to the standards of what you would expect from InterContinental. They were prompt in picking me up from the airport late at night (an extra $50 charge) and they were always helpful and quick with requests for extra towels, etc. The rooms were dissapointing and I expected more for The $229usd I paid per night. A 12% tax was also added to all room charges but this would have been added to any hotel in the Delhi area. While in Delhi I read several articles in the local paper regarding the severe shortage of hotel rooms in the city. This is probably why they can get away with charging so much and offering so little. The room itself was tired and dated. The fuse for the lights blew when the bedside lamps were turned on the same time the blow dryer (if you could call it that) was on. The carpet was dirty and the shower curtain showed signs of mold growing on it. On the plus side, they did have duvet covers on the bed and not just a sheet and blanket. They did offer wireless internet access although it was a bit pricy ($5 per 30 minutes). The breakfast buffet was good and had several western style dishes available. There was a great pastry shop in the lobby and they brought unlimited complementary bottled water to to the room. The travel desk (run by a different company) located on the second floor was terrible. We bought plane tickets and paid for them only to show up at the airport and learn that they had been canceled by the travel agency and the money refunded to them. There are two very good, although very pricy restraunts on the top floor. The location of the hotel was a plus if you need to be in the center of the downtown. Only a 5 minute walk from Connaught Place and the main downtown area. I was in town for a convention and talked with several people who were staying at other similar hotels in Delhi. The general conclusion is: expect to pay outrageous prices for any 5 star hotel in Delhi and expect to be dissapointed by what you get for the money.	
Feb 6 2006 	Horrible Hotel	I put a group up in this hotel for a few nights this February and all participants hated it. First off, the concierges and check-in staff were rude and impatient, not to mention the fact that we were guaranteed better service if a male did transactions. The gender bias was appalling and embarrassing. Secondly, several people had plumbing or foul odour problems with their rooms, and although we paid for a higher grade of accomodations they simply refused to give them to us as they had overbooked. (Something I later found out, they are notorious for). For the cost of their rooms, they are simply not worth it. Period. Rooms are slightly run down with somewhat shabby bathrooms. They do have lots of shops, restaurant choices, and a beauty salon. Overall, the establishment is overwhelmingly large and comes with all the unfortunate problems usually associated with such a size. You will wait in long cues at the front desk, receive offhand customer service, and eat mediocre food. There really is nothing special about this hotel, so unless you are using its facilities for business, you are better off elsewhere.	
Jan 22 2006	The worst experience ever	We were to stay in the hotel for 8 nights but cut our stay to just one night because:1)There was no heat in the rooms when it was 40F outside.2)The bathrooms had rust on the fixtures.3) The breakfast buffet had some stale and undercooked4) The lobby was dark and lighting was horrible kinda depressing acutally5)people were out to trick you at the business center especially overcharing for the internet service.	
Jan 8 2006 	Not what you would expect from an Intercontinental	Stayed here for 3 nights in May, 2005. The five stars must be because of the impressive lobby 'cause it sure ain't the rooms. After a grueling 24 hour journey in coach from California, checking in at 1 a.m. and only semiconscious and wanting nothing more than to put head to pillow, the clerk was extremely aggressive trying to get me to join the Intercontinental hotel club (or something like that) at some exorbitant membership price. Could have lived without that. As others have stated, the rooms were tired and in need of an overhaul. Windows dirty, bathroom mirror hazed over like you normally see in some 200 year old historic house. I like my hotel rooms on the cold side especially when it is the hottest time of the year in Delhi (110 degrees). Even though I cranked up the temperature as high as it would go, never got more than a cool breeze. It wasn't hot but not nearly as cool as I would have like it. When checking out the last morning of my stay, I requested to leave 1 medium sized bag and my computer with storage until I was due to fly out that night. They said they wouldn't store the computer due to previous guests complaints about damage. I asked them if they really expected me to haul my computer bag around all day while walking through Old Delhi. After a lengthy discussion, we finaly agreed on a compromise, that I would lock my computer in my luggage but this took 20 minutes of needless hassle. On the plus size, the guy who cleaned my room was very nice and provided extra bottles of water as requested (free) and the food and staff in the Woks restaurant was outstanding. Not sure why the place was empty both times I ate there when everything was so good and reasonably priced. The hotel is convenient to Connaught Place and both Old and New Delhi.I reserved way in advance on the Holiday Inn website and got a great rate a bit more than USD100 per night. For that rate, it was serviceable but for a rate of $200-300, you should be able to do much better.	
Jan 3 2006	Good choice	Won't be the best 5 star that you ever stay in, but it is a good choice for a few days in Delhi. The staff were helpful and the service generally was pretty good. The rooms were a bit dark and could do with some freshening, but they were functional and comfortable. We stayed in a Club Room and found complimentary water, chocolates and cookies waiting for us on our arrival. Breakfast is good. One tip if the main breakfast area is busy, is to go to Woks restaurant on the first floor. Same breakfast, lots of eager waiters, absolutely no other guests ...	
Dec 19 2005	overrated hotel	Stayed here earlier this month. Hotel is centrally located and has spacious rooms with big beds and some excellent dining options. However, rooms look a bit tired and bathroom, carpet and linen are not very clean. At the time of check-out, the hotel clerk (unjustly) claimed that my travel agent hadn't made full payment for the room and forced me to sign an unspecified check. Since I had only half an hour to catch my train, I had no option. My travel agent has lodged a complaint with the hotel. All in all a bit disappointing for a hotel that charged me 240 dollar a night.	
Nov 30 2005	good centrally located hotel	This hotel is a good 5* hotel centrally located in the heart of Delhi. While not the &quot;best&quot; 5* in the city, it is not the most expensive either. It has most things that a traveler looks for, including a variety of restaurants (though the service could be stepped up), small shops, business centre, large rooms and courteous staff. Would recommend as far as the big chains go.	
Nov 3 2005	Reasonable		
Sep 11 2005	Not 5 star....		
Aug 31 2005	Grand but not great		
Jul 13 2005	Not up to luxury hotel standards		
May 8 2005	Fabulous Hotel! A perfect experience!		
Apr 13 2005 	A 2-star masquerading as a 4-star		
Mar 26 2005	Well located		
Mar 24 2005	not worth the price		
Jan 31 2005	Worthy of the name "Inter-Continental"?		
Jan 7 2005	Nice Hotel		
Nov 7 2009 	???????????????????		
Oct 10 2009 	??????		
Feb 11 2009 	???????		
Sep 25 2008 	???????		
Nov 25 2007 	Un hotel de lujo en renovación		
