Oct 9 2009 	Poor service and overpriced	We booked a &quot;day room&quot; at the Uppal Orchid in order to have somewhere relaxing to crash near the Delhi airport before a 4 a.m. flight for the U..S. Though Uppal reservations had told our Indian travel agent at booking that we could stay in our room until we needed to leave for our flight around 2 a.m., once we checked in about 9 p.m., they reneged. Instead, we were forced to check out at midnight and sit in the lobby until our airport transportation arrived, which was not a lot of fun.In addition, we found Uppal's restaurant Bonito's to be overpriced and mediocore. Cannot recommend.	
Aug 31 2009 	Satisfying Experience	This hotel is near Airport providing complimentory Airport Transfers if Room/package is booked. Hence, its good for Air travellers who end up paying very high charges for transport in Delhi. Staff is very co-operative. Initially, I was allotted a room where A.C. was not satisfactory and upon requesting the staff, they alotted me a room o higher category and with better A.C. Cooling. During my period of travel, hotel's some part was under renovation that has effected menu of the coffee shop.	
Aug 12 2009 	Ideal hotel near Delhi airport	Was perfect for my overnight stay to catch a flight in the early morning. Good relaxation. Prices are possibly high but not unexpected for a 5 star hotel.	
Jun 21 2009 	The place is a plain and simple Rip-Off.	I stayed here for two nights. The food choice was terribly limited, food was nothing to write home about, and food prices were exorbitant. The food quality and service was bad too. In the price of laundering a day's set of summer clothes, you could buy a fancy cotton-linen shirt! The place is poorly connected, and miles from a public area where you can find transport. Their official travel desk is again horribly expensive. On the second night, there was virtually no water in the hot water taps - just a trickle. The fake-period bathroom fittings are so bad that if you open both the hot and cold water taps, the cold water starts backing up into the hot water line. I'd stay away from this place. Yes, and please go over EVERY item of your bill and double-check. In my case, the travel bill was added twice. The staff made a commitment about complimentary pickups and drops, then denied it and only agreed with great reluctance.	
Apr 28 2009 	My most memorable stay in a hotel in India	I had been to the Uppal's Orchid when it was just inaugurated. Excellent environment. Excellent food. Excellent for business meets.	
Apr 25 2009 	Best Eco Hotels.	Very Good Eco Hotel. Best part of the property is there Ambience , Services and Food. They have huge lawns , a good swiming pool. Hotel only lacks in the View of the hotel and Rooms are bit to small. Rest all the things are in order. Very good property located near the Delhi International Airport.	
Apr 21 2009 	Great Hotel	This is one great eco friendly hotel located very close to IGI airport New Delhi. The entrance and approach of the hotel is very nice. The service is also excellent. The only problem was theat my Airtel mobile was not getting signals except in the lobby. It was not working even in the restaurants. Secondly for a business traveller is it quite far from the city center. However, over all its an experience in itself to stay in this great property.	
Sep 14 2008	Nice and Quiet a few difficulties	I stayed here on a business trip for a total of 7 days (4 days, left for 3, then returned for 3 more). The hotel is very quiet and well kept given the dusty area and closeness to the airport. Every morning there were several workers sweeping the floors and watering the plants. The gardens and pool area was beautiful, though not very enjoyable in the extreme heat. The few difficulties I experienced were:The first room I stayed in would only play the sound from the tv through the speakers in the bathroom. When I asked the hotel staff, they said there was nothing they could do. Also, the internet access was extremely difficult to access (though I found it was similar at every hotel in India) as it took several phone calls to the front desk and 2 employees visiting my room to get met connected.	
May 18 2008 	Terrific airport hotel	What a pleasant surprise! A quiet airport hotel, very close to the airport, with the most beautiful gardens and swimming pool and an excellent breakfast too. We very much wished we could have stayed to enjoy the pool and gardens which contained a wide variety of trees, shrubs and plants. Walking in the gardens after breakfast was a total delight.	
Apr 26 2008 	A green haven in the centre of Delhi.	Arriving off an overnight flight we needed a place to rest before taking an evening train. Our Agent suggested Uppal's Orchid would suit us as it has ten acres of grounds and a pool. He was spot on.Despite arriving 04.30 our room was ready and we were made very welcome. The bed was soft and welcoming and sleep then ensued. Refreshed, we enjoyed the 10 acres of gardens with its pool and plentiful birds etc. The whole experience was seamless and pleasant. A light snack by the pool was our only opportunity to judge the cuisine but it passed with flying colours. Later we bought some snacks to take with us on the overnight train and they were also very wholesome.Our only regret was that this was only a day rest and we did not get the opportunity to sample the Restaurants and other facilities.Just 15 minutes from Indira Ghandi airport this place is highly recommended for a peaceful stay away from the bustle of Delhi centre.	
Apr 16 2008 	convenient airport location	Good rates available if you book via the website.We used this hotel as it's a stone's thrown from the airport. We arrived at the crack of dawn and booked a room so we could do straight there at 5am and sleep until check-out time. It was great in this respect, especially as there are free airport pick-ups and drop-offs. It saves you lots of hassel when you're arriving early.The facilities at this hotel are great - the restaurant is suprisingly good (Chef &amp; I) we were quite taken aback by the quality of the cuisine.The pool is huge and really nice - we went for a swim late afternoon and had the place to ourselves.I was disappointed that I'd paid extra to have a room with a balcony. We arrived on our way out of India for 2 nights stay here to find the door to the balcony couldn't be opened until 24 hours after we arrived. When it was opened it was covered with mess from the pigeons. Housekeeping did clean it while we were out but it was still unusable. The hotel manager came to find us while we were staying and I did mention this to him but he didn't suggest compensating me for the inconvenience. I also mentioned it on checkout (at 6am in the morning) and the woman at the desk said she'd mention it to the manager but still charged me the full rate. I will definately email them and follow this up but am disappointed that the staff weren't pro-active about it.The rooms are comfortable, spacious and clean and it's definately worth booking in if you arrive on an early or late flight. We left a bag here while we travelled in India, which they were happy to store for us with no charge. We used the hotel on the way in and out of Delhi. If it's in your price range I would definately suggest it's worth it.	
Mar 24 2008 	excellent	Fantastic stay, we were only there for such a short time and really never got to enjoy the grounds....about 1 km of gardens and a great spa with gym access. If you are staying it is a nice resort. The restaurants were really good too. Rooms were nice. It is really in the middle of no where....near to the domestic and international airprot and that was our reason for this hotel.People were very friendly, ...also remember one thing they all expect huge tips....We also rented a car for the day, which worked out just fine. We got a driver by the name of Jitu he was great. Enjoy! I would recommend this place.	
Mar 24 2008 	Three Weeks in New Delhi	I just returned home from a three week business trip to New Delhi. My stay at the Uppal's Orchid was rated as above average solely based on the kindness and courtesy of the staff. Although there was a language barrier, often times taking two or three tries before communication was clear for both parties, the pleasant personalities and willingness to try, made the experience a positive one. Every staff member I met in those three weeks was friendly and helpful (with one exception...always one rotten apple, right!). They all learned my name; they learned my schedule... so if I was late to breakfast one day or home late from the office, they knew it and showed concern for me. That is a good feeling when traveling alone in India. The room was nice with two exceptions... The bed was rock hard and the shower was set up so that you had to climb in, literally, and turn the shower on while in the tub... the cold blast of water each morning was ... well, more powerful than a cup of coffee. At least, the water pressure in the shower was fantastic. The climb out of the shower was quite challenging also, slippery and I always pictured myself breaking my leg or head on the hard marble floor of the bathroom... take it slow, if you go.There was always, at least, two bottles of complimentary water in the room, one in the fridge and another given with turn-down service along with some nice chocolates. Try to request a room overlooking the pool. My co-worker was on that side and enjoyed peaceful nights... I, on the other-hand, had the court-yard side of the building... Well, on the positive side, I got to see two beautiful India weddings and what I believe to be a huge, Bollywood party... but as for sleep, I had a few occasions where some event was taking place and music was blaring through-out the room. It didn't really bother me since my hours for the office were late anyway... and the weddings were an interesting experience.I had issues with the food in India generally... In the beginning, I enjoyed the local cuisine but it got too hot &amp; spicy for me and when I just wanted the basic American style food, there was nothing that really satisfied me. Even the basic Club sandwich at the hotel, was not you average American Club sandwich... I guess I knew that it would be like that, but three weeks was too long for me to go without the comforts of home. All of the service people in the restaurants and room service were wonderful and efficient and so friendly, so meals were enjoyable in that way... and the India food was good for the most part. I learned about chicken Tikka in the third week which was prepared mild and tasted like basic roasted chicken... I ordered that a lot of the time towards the end... The Samosa's were not too bad, some spice but tolerable... and the Bruschetta with a side of fries, was just enough to satisfy me most days!The breakfast buffet was good. They had an omelet station that made eggs to order and pancakes, too. That was good for me... they also had both continental and Indian breakfast items in the buffet. I did not really use the pool and other facilities but everything looked nice. The grounds are beautiful and quite pleasant to take walks... and as their hotel guide book says, they have &quot;foggings&quot; twice a day... I didn't really find insects to be an issue. The pool was quite large and had a swim up bar.... And the spa facility had reasonably priced services but I did not partake. It was a little Garden of Eden. and if you are a first timer to India, as I was, you feel guilty after driving around Delhi, with the tent villages, and beggars, dust &amp; pollution, etc only to return into this little oasis of a hotel.	
Mar 4 2008 	Serious problems -- book cheapest rate not a 'Leading Hotel'	Booked this hotel through Leading Hotels of the World site, and so, paid close to $400. Huge mistake! Front desk staff person was rudest I have encountered, treated my wife and I as if we were going through an airport checkpoint. No &quot;hello, welcome to Uppal's Orchid,&quot; just &quot;passport!&quot; &quot;business card!&quot; &quot;how will you be settling the bill!&quot; Granted, we didn't look like Bollywood stars after just getting off a plane from Goa, but money's what's supposed to talk in a five-star, and our reservations were made a month in advance. Also, if you book through Leading Hotels site, you pay top dollar but in return are supposed to get fringe benefits like automatic room upgrade, late check out, bottle of wine, free gift, etc. At other hotels, we've been given everything from two free one-hour massages, to 6 p.m. checkout, to an Italian leather portfolio, to fresh flowers. Or all those things, plus more. We don't view them as entitlements, but Uppal's Orchid clearly isn't taking the program seriously -- we were shuffled straight to closest room off the lobby on first floor and assured it was a &quot;superior room,&quot; with no upgrade. Air conditioning didn't work, teapot didn't work, staff refused to open our (locked) private balcony for us at 8 p.m. (the next morning, when we wanted to eat our breakfast out there, we discovered why -- it hadn't been cleaned in weeks and was covered in pigeon dung and feathers. We had to make two calls to maintenance to clean it, and even then, all the guy did was whisk a duster over the table). Finally, we were begrudgingly given a one-hour late checkout.All that said, the room was small but nicely appointed. The pool and swim-up bar are nice, and we enjoyed them the morning we left. The grounds are lovely. And when, after paying the full bill, I asked to see the manager to discuss our disappointment, I had a half-hour discussion resulting in some compensation.So -- would I stay here again? Yes, but not via the Leading Hotels of the World system. Uppal's Orchid doesn't qualify. If you want LHW treatment, go to the Taj Mansingh (Taj Mahal) in the city. I would book Uppal's through an aggregator like Priceline or Travelocity and try not to pay more than $200 a night, especially because of its location in the middle of nowhere between Delhi and Gurgaon. And enjoy the pool and restaurants -- the Chinese one is spectacular.	
Feb 14 2008 	Very very nice quit hotel	During the beginning of February 2008 I did stay at the Uppal's orchid. I was very happy with the service/food and specialy the very friendly staff. The people at the restaurants do an excellent job. They make your stay extra nice. The food at the two main restaurants is very good. After 12 years visiting India I did not have a single problem with my stumic.The hotel is absolutely on 5 star level. Some people where negative after they stayed at the Oberoi in Agra. This is something you should not compare. The Oberoi in Agra is close to six stars and very expensive.One point of comment. At the lobby (coffe bar with nice sweets) the is a small band playing. Normely you give them something when they play. This band is not touching any music notes. So I give them some roepies when they agreed in stop playing.I compare this hotel with the other 5 stars in Dehli. Absolutely OK.try also the small golf court nice......!!I will go back there...	
Jan 6 2008 	Nice Quiet Hotel	The main reason for my decision to stay here was its proximity to the airport, but actually, it was not that close to the airport. But the shuttle service was free. The hotel itself is not located on a main road like most other large hotels, so it was very quiet. In addtion, my room was facing a courtyard, which was nice. My room was clean, and reasonably sized.Women who frequent India might have noticed this, but the shampoo hotels provide (even at a nice hotel like this one), will completely strip oil from your hair. I carry my own shampoo and conditioner when I travel in India.Since I arrived after 10:00 pm, checked out early in the morning, I didn't get to see exactly what the property has to offer, but I did utilize their fitness center in the morning. It was very mordern, and had nice treadmills and weight machines. They also had a nice looking pool outside. For 5 star hotel in a big city, the hotel was reasonably priced. I would difinitely consider staying here again.	
Nov 23 2007 	good place for families with young kids	We had a very pleasant stay here at the end of a month-long trip to Nepal, Bhutan and Delhi+ environs. Nice way to finish the trip. I almost forgot I was in Delhi!! Room was modern, clean and quiet. Grounds are peaceful, with lots of room for the kids (both aged four) to run around. Great buffet with something to please everyone. The children's pool was excellent.... just the right temperature. The staff were very welcoming of, and attentive to our little girls... gardeners picking flowers for them, etc.If I was pressed to say anything negative, it would be that the staff doesn't have quite the grasp of English that you would expect for a hotel that clearly sees a lot of foreigners.... e.g. we would have to repeat ourselves three or four times very slowly to get across a fairly simple point, and likewise we would have to ask the staff to repeat themselves so we could understand. But this was a very small issue.... a great stay overall.	
Nov 23 2007	Outstanding property near the airport	We stayed here for our last night in India because of the location close to the airport. This is a lovely hotel, set in large grounds with every amenity you could need. A huge swimming pool, gym, choice of restaurants and nice bar. The room was lovely, well appointed, great big bed, air conditioning that worked, nice bathroom with a lovely shower. They claimed that the tap water was drinkable but provided plenty of bottles anyway. The bistro type restaurant had a buffet in the evening with many different types of Indian food (and non-Indian too). The quality was excellent. The hotel has a car and driver service if you need it. every bit the 5* hotel they claim. They also claim to be an 'Eco' hotel, although I am dubious about that because it did not seem to be any more eco than any other 5* hotel (and importing Evian water from France certainly isn't!). That aside - highly recommended.	
Aug 9 2007 	Quality Property	This is a beautiful property. Our room was well appointed and in line with 5 star rating. Only regret is that we only could experience it for one day.	
Jul 11 2007 	An oasis in India	Amazing service and friendly staff. Loved the property!!! Especially the &quot;Chef &amp; I&quot; restaurant. Thanks for a great two weeks!!	
Jun 28 2007 	Close to the Airport	The main reason for staying at this hotel is its proximity to the airport. Most international flights arrive and depart in the wee hours of the morning. Being just 15-20 minutes from the terminal is convenient whether you're arriving or departing.The rooms are centrally air conditioned, are large enough, and are well appointed: TV, mini-bar, desk and chairs, small sofa. (About half the rooms look out on the hotel's nice garden/courtyard.) Bathrooms are good-sized, have all the toiletries found in better hotels, and provide ample hot water for showering or bathing.The restaurant is nothing to write home about; but its breakfast and lunch and dinner buffets are ample and an a la carte menu is also available.The business center has several computer with high-speed connections.Check-in is quick and efficient as is room service.Unlike other luxury and near-luxury hotels, Uppals Orchid rarely has taxis or tuk-tuks lined up waiting for fares -- and one can wait a long time on the road in front of the hotel for an empty vehicle to come by. The concierge, however, will call a taxi and one will appear 15-30 minutes later.	
May 7 2007	Rubbish	After a magical week of staying in the Taj properties in Rajasthan and the Oberoi in Agra, our final night before our flight home was spent at this hotel. This was a huge let-down - desk staff weren’t particularly friendly and were just going through the motions, pool staff looked miserable. As we had an early morning flight we were given a room right next to the main lobby. All night in the run up to our 2.30am departure you could hear banging doors and neighbours talking loudly in the next room - the noise would appear to travel through the air ducts. At 2am there was a bunch of guests in the lobby just wandering around aimlessly, talking loudly and slapping the piano keyboard - infuriating if you happen to be right next to the lobby especially since the reception staff didn't seem to care even when we pointed it out to them.Thanks to the energy saving light bulbs - the room looked dark and as cosy as a garage. But of course you can live with that in the name of eco-friendliness! However, the eco-friendliness didn't seem to apply throughout the hotel. For instance, the air-conditioning unit in the restaurant was set unreasonably low, happily pumping more greenhouse gases than strictly necessary.You could sort of turn a blind eye to the above if you were staying in a 3 star hotel and not paying very much. However since the hotel claims to have five stars and to be a member of the Leading Hotels of the World, I feel the comments are justified.I would not recommend staying at this hotel. If you have an early morning flight you will probably be able to get to IGI from the Taj Mahal hotel in Delhi relatively quickly and will be well looked after and get some much needed sleep before you travel.	
Apr 7 2007 	Good hotel	Stayed at Uppal's Orchid for 10 days on a business trip March through to April. Overall the hotel was very good, rooms where very nice and clean, serviced every day and they turn you bed down at night and leave chocolates on your bed.The restaurant's were also good, overpriced for Delhi, but cheap compared to UK prices. The food was of a high standard with a varied menu, the only criticism I have would be the service could sometimes be a bit slow, you would wait quite a while for your starter and getting your bill could be a bit of a nightmare.The pool area was really nice, gets quite busy at the weekend as families from the area come here, they have memberships for non hotel guests.Getting the complimentary car arranged to pick someone up from the airport was hard work and they charged them for it so watch out for this. Some of my colleagues also had some bother with their rooms, they put them in a deluxe room as they did not have any other rooms available even though they had booked. This would not have been a problem but they could not unpack for 3 days as they had been told that they could be getting moved any day to the normal rooms, they told them after 3 days they would be staying in the deluxe rooms. The hotel is not far from the Airport and about a 20 minute drive from Gurgaon.My company has regular trips to Delhi and I would recommend any other colleagues to stay at this hotel. Some of my other colleagues stayed in the Raddison and Uppals was much nicer its a lot smaller than the Raddsion and quieter.	
Apr 1 2007 	Good hotel excellent service good food above average price	I stayed here for almost two weeks on a business trip March-April 2007, with several other colleagues. The Uppal Orchid is about 20 minutes from Delhi airport and another 20 minutes from Gulgaon, which is host to a lot of off-shored and outsourced operations, including corporates such as Microsoft, Citibank and Sapient. It's no surprise then that you see a lot of business people here, air crews and airport transfer passengers. So not exactly the place you'd stay as a tourist. It's 1-2 hours to central Delhi, depending on the chaotic traffic, and- I'd question your reasons for staying here if you're not on a company expense account. That's probably the reason for the high prices. The Hilton further down the road costs the same or slightly more, and caters to the same kind of traveller.Having said that, if you're here for a business visit, this is a comfortable, well maintained hotel. Staff were falling over backwards to please, and to the Western traveller the attention is almost startling.Here are some pointers for you, if you're considering staying here:1. Internet connection - costs about USD20 / GBP10 a day, but has been very reliable and never let me down. There will be a network cable in your room that you plug in, and once you are given your access code you're up and running.2. Environs - not a lot to do around the hotel, which is an oasis of greenery in the midst of dusty suburban neighbourhoods. Even so, if you're a keen shopper, you're a 20 minute taxi ride away from the malls of Gurgaon, where you can find cheap bargains of almost anything. If you're back from a busy day at the office you're much more likely to stay in and have a nice meal or sit by the pool. The 10.5 acres of grounds are also very well tended and green - and you'll have a good jogging trail if you're after one.3. Food and drink - the restaurants in the hotel are excellent, and the bar provides a good selection. Prices are more Western than Indian - so not at all a cheap eat, but quality is very good. Their Sunday brunch buffet is excellent, with unlimited alcoholic drinks, at about USD30/GBP15.4. Rooms - there are premium rooms facing the poolside with little garden balconies (some of my colleagues got those) and standard rooms (I got one of them). I have no real complaints about the standard of the room. There's a safe, a TV with plenty of channels and the usual international provisions, such as mini-bar and coffe making facilities. It could have been a hotel room anywhere in the world for all I know. Beds are comfortable (and firm).5. Monster mosquito alert: this is not specific to the Uppal but beware: if you leave your windows open mosquitoes will get through, and you may be eaten alive. Being paranoid about Malaria I kept mine closed, some of my colleagues still have bite marks several days after... This is especially true for the pool-side rooms, where close proximity to water sources is a godsend for mozzies. The hotel sprays the grounds every night at dusk, to try and help a little.6. Electricity - my Indian colleagues tell me that they are used to power cuts in Delhi, every day, sometimes for prolonged periods. The sheltered guests in 5-star hotels here (including this one) only experience a mere second of a flicker, before the generator kicks in. 7. Water - the hotel claims the water here is safe to drink, but I haven't tested this claim. You are still provided with a free bottle of mineral water every day.  8. Gym - there's a small gym next to the pool. I wouldn't say it was cutting edge, but did the trick for a workout.9. Getting around - at Indian prices, it will probably make sense to book a car with a driver for the day, or if you're a corporate guest, get your hosts to arrange it. It seems ok to get a cab to take you away from the hotel, but not so trivial to get back. Drivers will often not know where the hotel is, and will have to ask random rickshaw drivers several times on the way. Addresses are not straightforward in India, and saying that it is &quot;On National Highway 8&quot; is not too helpful either. If you're in Delhi proper it's even worse, because most yellow/black taxis don't have a licence to travel to Gurgaon - so you may find yourself a little stuck. If all else fails and you can't get back - get to the airport and find a taxi that will definitely know the way. And whatever you do - don't drive here yourself. Unless you're suicidal, that is. 10. Eco credentials - The Uppal Orchid claims to be an &quot;Eco-hotel&quot; with much fuss about how it is environmentally friendly. It does recycle its water and tries to encourage its guests to save energy, but the general impression I got was that this is more a marketing spiel than a mission statement. All in all I enjoyed my stay here. It is worth remembering, as you drive down the dusty roads to take you wherever you're going from here, that maintaining this kind of Western make-believe standard must be hard in all the chaos around it.	
Mar 25 2007	Near the airport - OK(ish!) 4 stopovers	10 days traveling in India, staying in 5*+ Oberoi's etc, our travel agent dumped us in this dump for 2 nights before we left Delhi. I forgot to check here if this hotel was OK.The rooms are tremendously overpriced (US$362!) and not clean. They were noisy (outside traffic + neighbouring room) and felt 'run down'. Very depressing after a glorious 2 week tour I can tell you. We upstix'd and stayed in a downtown Taj hotel for &lt;US$200. Negotiated directly with hotel.As another reviewer said, the only redeeming features are the airport's proximity (but then again if you have an early flight, transfers from most hotels are &lt;30 mins); and some of the staff are genuinely service-oriented.Avoid unless you have a good $ deal and need somewhere to freshen up for a few hours before jetting off.	
Nov 27 2006 	Wonderful place	We turned up at this hotel after having booked a 3 star hotel somewhere in the depths of Delhi that was terrible and that I couldnt bring myself to stay in.I must say that on arrival at this hotel I was left without doubt that this hotel is 5 star in everyway possible. The grounds are beautiful and the swimming pool and pool area are perfect to relax in and unwind. Our room was very beautiful and the shower and bath both immaculate and with good water pressure. All staff were so nice and polite, I actually found they tried too hard! When walking down a corridor in the hotel one day there was a staff member vacuming. When he saw me he turned off the vacum and almost stood to attention as if I was some form of royalty. I cant fault this hotel.After reading some of the reviews I am quite shocked that people have found so many negative things to say.The TV had a good range of channels, we exprienced one power outage for a couple of seconds but thats India! The food was good, room service very good!Its location was fine and we were tourists and we managed to get about perfectly well. The hotel has high charges for tours to the Taj but then what 5 star doesnt!I dont feel that there was anything poor about this hotel at all and after staying in about ten 5 star hotels this year I would definately say this was the best without a doubt, I loved it! Its definately 5 star luxury!	
Nov 17 2006 	Excellent experience	I was surprised to read some of the negative reviews of Uppal's here, as my experience there was nothing short of fantastic. The staff was extremely attentive and friendly, rooms were well-maintained, and the restaurants were above my expectations. As an example of the quality of the staff: I stayed here for two weeks on business and the restaurant staff offered to make meals for me off the menu so I wouldn't get bored of the food. Also, when I suggested that they add breakfast items to the late night menu, this was taken care of within days.As mentioned before, the hotel is convenient to IGI Airport and most of the office parks around Gurgaon. Probably not where to stay if you are a tourist, but perfect for anyone doing business in Gurgaon. The gym is basic but rarely crowded, so would meet most needs. There is also an outdoor tennis court, very nice pool, and the small 9-hole putting course. The business center offers internet or there is broadband in the rooms. Showers had good water pressure and hot water availability. Short power outages were fairly common, but that is pretty standard for India and they only last about 10 seconds, so it wasn't a big deal to me.To address an earlier reviewer, the TV has quite a few English stations (BBC, Star Movies, HBO, Star World, ESPN, Discovery, etc), so no complaints there.All in all, this is a fine place to stay where you will be well looked after.	
Mar 9 2006 	Not worth the price - Not 5 star	I stayed at Uppal orchid on business for 2 weeks in January 2006. First room they assigned me was overlooking the highway and loud. I got it changed to a inner room which was acceptable except for the elevator noise in the nights.There are two restaurants, one chinese and the other one essentially Indian/Western. Items on the breakfast buffet (breakfast available only in the Indian restaurant) were usually dry, especially the south Indian dishes. You could however order eggs cooked to your style and freshly made. Indian dinner dishes were quite oily. The food was definitely not 5 star, it's more like 2. Service at the restaurants was very disorganized. There were 4 or 5 waiters asking you the same questions (what would you like to drink, eat etc) and taking orders again and again, very annoying.Room service was very prompt, so was laundry service. Cleaning crew did an ok job in the toilets, I had to ask them to clean the tubs a bit more every now and then. Couple of mornings the water pressure in the shower was down to a trickle, I was told it was something to do with the power failures.Don't book travel through the agent at the hotel. The guy would not refund my money ($100) I paid him for a trip to the Taj Mahal. The trip was supposed to be in a luxury coach, but in the end it was a very small, shaky and loud diesel van. I cancelled and rented a mini-van. Extremely uncomfortable. Also, the tour van/buses don't pick you up from the hotel. You have to go to one of those real 5 star hotels (like Taj Palace) to board the bus. And they charge almost $50 just for a ride to those pickup locations. The whole thing is not professionally run.The hallway leading up to the gym stunk like a cheap motel, even though the gym itself was alright. It's nice to walk their small garden, at least the part away from the diesel generators. The putting green is really small.Cable TV was mostly Indian (hindi) channels. BBC and Deutche Walle were the only western ones.It's close to the international airport. But the drive to the city center may take upto 2 hours depending on traffic.	
Mar 5 2006 	Problems at Uppal'sOrchid	I used to like Uppal's Orchid because of nice facilities, friendly staff and competitive rates. However, since luxury visitors to Delhi have increased by leaps and bounds, all hotels are always overbooked. So they can afford to command a higher premium because visitors are desperate to get rooms at whatever price. Uppal's has unfortunately embarked on this tendency and is getting as expensive as the Oberoi Grand in Delhi but not as nice. What's worse, they are doing such price gouging with loyal repeat guests, as in my case. So, if I must pay a higher rate, and if rooms are no easier to get at Uppal's than at the Grand (usually means booking months in advance during winter peak), I'd rather stay at the latter with the satisfaction that yes I've paid through my nose but I'm staying at the very best.	
Jan 15 2006	Modern Hotel Close to Airport	We stayed at Uppal's Orchid upon arriving in Delhi. It is a short drive from the Indira Gandhi International Airport and is located in a secluded estate. The hotel has the feel and atmosphere of a modern, four-star Western hotel. Our room was lovely, with a spacious bathroom. We had dinner at the Indian restaurant in the hotel's lower level -- excellent entrees with the choice of a buffet as well. Breakfast the next morning was also very nice -- a very well-stocked buffet, although the eggs were a little cold.If you are staying in Delhi for several days and want to be close to the city's center, this may not be the hotel for you -- you may want to try hotels at Connaught's Square. (Note, however, that Delhi is a very dispersed city and you are never really close to anything.) However, if you are arriving from or departing from the airport and want to stay close by, this hotel is an excellent choice.Our only complaint involved a lengthy wait for a cup of coffee at the hotel's cafe next to the lobby.NOTE: Try to avoid flying into or out of Delhi in the latter half of December and the first half of January. The city is afflicted with heavy fog that creates major flight delays and cancellations. We had to adjust our schedule and lose a day in Delhi on account of the fog.	
Jan 9 2006	Good service but missing the basics	We had 2 rooms at Uppal's Orchid during our vacation to India in Jan. 2006. Both rooms were upgraded to a Club Room with jacuzzi jets in our bath tubs. However, not many people must use these rooms. After our first night, we woke up to no power at all in our room. No lights, no heat. After a call to the front desk, it appeared to be fixed, but then the power was off again for a short period of time before power was finally restored. The 2nd room had no hot water. We were in a hurry to catch a flight at the airport and this did not start our day off right. After waking up the 2nd day, both rooms did not have hot water. They sent in a technician into our rooms and fixed the problem. Before I went to bed, I set the thermostat for 23 degrees celsius when it was currently at 19. I woke up to the thermostat reading 17 degrees. Another technician was sent into the room to fix the problem. One of our phones was not working and they had to replace the phone. All of this for a supposedly &quot;5 star hotel&quot;. I've done a good amount of travelling and I've never had to have a technician have to come into my room ever to fix something. Basic things like power, heat, and hot water should have been tested out and fixed prior, especially since they were club rooms at a 5 star hotel. We were not given any consolation for our experiences, only an apology from the manager on duty. Despite all of these issues, the food at the restaurant was good, the service was very good as the staff tried their hardest to keep us happy, and the pick up and drop-off at the airport was fairly smooth. I would recommend going to one of the chain hotels like Hyatt, Radisson, or Intercontinental instead. We had also stayed at the Intercontinental at Nehru Place previously on our trip and had a very enjoyable experience.	
Dec 20 2005 	Location the only selling point	What's good about Uppal's Orchid is that the room and its contents behaved as advertised; the food in the buffet restaurant was pleasant and offered good variety; and most importantly, the commute to the airport is mercifully brief.Otherwise, I found the hotel wanting in several key respects. At about US$150 per night, one gets an environmentally correct US chain hotel e.g. a generic Marriott or Sheraton. In India that should cost you about 1/3 less than it does. If you are happy to pay that extra cost for the feeling of environmental correctness in a country that sorely needs it, you may not feel pricing to be as inflated as I felt it to be.Another major issue was transportation. I requested a taxi to take me to the airport for an early (5:30 AM) check-in. I was first told to make my way to the front desk to arrange this; a few choice words then convinced the staff member that in fact I was paying for somebody else to do the walking for me. In India, full service is quite standard. There would not have been such back-talk at the Oberoi, it would simply have been done.When it came time for me to board my taxi in the morning, the driver quoted me a price nearly triple the standard fare for what is about a 15 minute ride at that time of the morning. Upset at such a crude attempt to price-gouge, I went storming up to the front desk. It was then that I found out this taxi was in fact not for me, but had been ordered by another room for a drive outside of Delhi. But the hotel clearly didn't care enough to help me make sure I had the right car, and the driver of course was happy to swap customers as long as he made his 300 rupees. About 15 minutes later, a second taxi appeared and the sleepy driver bundled me off to the airport with meter running.Uppal's seems to have acquired enough steady business flow to skimp on its service while maintaining something of a room price premium. If you just want a clean place to sleep near the airport and you don't care about taking a DIY approach to everything else, you might like this place better than I did. I was expecting some value for money, and the value was gone by the time I finished dealing with staff laziness.	
Jun 9 2005	Attractive Hotel---BUT------	When we checked in, we were told that transportation to airport and &quot;early breakfast&quot; were included. The early breakfast consisted of a greasy muffin. We had settled our bill the evening before since we had a 4 amflight. However, we were accused of &quot;using a computer&quot; in our room and the manager was demanding additional cash--all this while we were awaiting our &quot;free&quot; transportation which turned out to actually cost $12US extra. We finally convinced them that we had no computer to be using in our room. Outside, we waited and waited for our driver. Finally, the driver arrived at a time to suit him because he was on his way to the airport anyway to pick up some people coming to the hotel. We barely made it to the airport, security, and customs for our flight home!	
Jan 30 2005	Fabulous Hotel	We were returning fom a 18 day tour of India and our final hotel in New Delhi had overbooked and we were swopped to The Uppalls Orchid. It was wonderful, superb beds, so comfy, wonderful food in a choice of resturaunts. The staff were really nice, friendly and genuinely interested in where we had been. We used the spa and the pool and were amazed by all the eco friendly methods used at the hotel.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay there and would not hesitate to recomend it to anyone.	
Sep 6 2009 	Tiene unos jardines bonitos pero no encajan demasiadas cosas..		
