Apr 19 2009 	Small Rooms	Hi, The hotel is very conviniently located at the middle circle on CP. The rooms are clean &amp; the beds are soft &amp; comfortable. There are 2 issues (1) The rooms are very small (2) One has to climb 2-3 flights of stairs to reach the room as its spread over 3 floors with no lift. Insist for discount &amp; upto 20% of the tariff will be waived.	
Dec 7 2008 	better than average	Stayed at one other hotel in the same area, in comparison, this seemed more deserving of the &quot;mid-range&quot; or 2-3 star designation. The hallways were clean, well lit; well decorated. The rooms were larger than the other hotel; the bathroom was cleaner and larger---the bathing area had a little wall around it so the floor did not get wet, unlike many Indian bathrooms. The beds were clean and comfy. Internet access was pricey but available. The cost was higher, but as our last night in India, we desperately needed a nice clean send-off and it was. We were two women travelling and were treated well. Our friends stayed previously, and they had a nice time as well.	
Nov 7 2008 	Jukaso Inn is not worth it	Very overpriced. Rooms are ok but no great shakes. For Rs3700 (don't forget extra taxes!), it's 50 pounds and you'd get better in London.Staff are not helpful and are just trying to sell you services.A chap is introduced to you as the travel desk. He says he can give free maps, free travel advice and 15mins free of internet service. Then he takes you on a 5 min walk to a travel agent that just trys to sell you tours!Return to hotel and ask for a bank and they say they will do the changing for you. Ask for a taxi stand and they say they will get you a taxi. All you want is some honesty but all they want is your money.Avoid.	
Mar 16 2008 	Jukaso Inn Downtown - thumbs down	Our room was clean and comfortable. Seemed overpriced, but this was the only hotel we stayed at in Delhi so difficult to make a comparison. We were referred to a travel agency by the hotel, Perfect Holiday Travels, that was full of touts. Do not trust this hotel with any of your travel arrangements, or this travel agency.	
Feb 28 2008 	Worst hotel I used in India but far from the worst in the world	I paid about $80 for one night here (the Connaught location) in November. I was able to check in early in the morning and was shown a room and told I could choose another if I wasn't happy with it. It looked fine to me, so I took it and got settled in.I didn't find the room itself to be dirty at all. It was comfortable enough, and the television worked. There was a window, but it was impossible to lift up the heavy curtains to actually look outside.The bathroom was another story. It was dirty and falling apart like I expected bathrooms in India to be (this was the first time it actually happened in a hotel though). You could tell that if you removed the mirror from the wall, you'd have a big gaping hole and be looking out onto the street. In the middle of a shower, I ran out of water completely.I had a tour picking me up at 5 a.m., and the front desk did actually call to inform me the car had arrived.Service was somewhat rude when I checked in and downright awful when I checked out. I informed the bellman I'd need a taxi, and he told me he would call. Apparently this never happened, and I came close to missing my flight because of it. I was waiting around for awhile until I finally asked the front desk who informed me no one had been called, and it would be about a 30 minute wait. Lucky for me, the taxi showed up right away, and I was able to escape this place in a hurry.If you really don't care what kind of place you're staying in, Jukaso is fine. It's not awful, but I paid about half the price for other hotels in India that were far nicer with better service than this one. However, considering the high prices in Delhi, it's probably not possible to do better for the money. It won't kill you to stay here, but you won't be yearning to go back anytime soon.	
Dec 1 2007 	Can't believe this place was recommended by Lonely Planet	My girlfriend and I stayed at Hotel Jukaso Inn (the one in Connaught Place) for our first night in India on 10/11/07. We booked the hotel online in a last minute rush because other than our plane tickets and initial waitlisted New Delhi-Jaisalmer train ticket, we had organised nothing for our holiday in India. We paid 3850Rs + tax for one double room.We were very disappointed. We thought this standard may have been par for the course for this price in New Delhi/India, but as we tried other accommodation during our trip through Rajasthan/India, we realised that we had been clearly ripped off. The hotel room was dirty, small, and didn't have a window. The hotel service was poor. We learnt from our stay, however, that one of the best things to do with hotels in India is to check a few rooms out first, because there seems to be significant variation in a lot of places.	
Nov 19 2007 	Not the right Juakso - oops?	I booked at the Jukaso Inn after reading a favorable review in Frommers Guide Book. Having never been to Delhi, I didn't realize that I had booked the WRONG Jukaso Inn. I booked into the downtown, Connaught Circle location, when the guide book was recommending the Sunder Nagar location. Our stay was fine. The hotel was really nothing special, nor terrible. Just average. But I mention it because it's possible that others who have reviewed this hotel might have been reviewing the wrong location?	
