Oct 14 2007	There has to be a better place....	We had a choice of this hotel or Yorks Hotel. Sorry to say our group was booked in this place. Upon check we only needed 5 rooms, the hotel was not confirmed with a credit card and the front desk had a fit and we had to take the 6th room. After a grueling 1 hour they agreed to give the single rate for the person in the room. The staff took up most of our groups baggage and very clearly stated they wanted a bigger tip then what the individuals gave. We had 4 rooms with inoperable showers/tubs. The water backed up the drain under the sink and flooded the bathrooms. There was only 1 room that they would change and changed again and again and still flooded. The hotel was not very helpful with problems. The beds were comfortable and clean.There is not lift/elevator so be prepared to walk up 4 flights of steps to the second floor.There was a roof lounge and we did use it well into the night.The hotel wanted payment the same day we checked in. They then insisted we pool our money for all the rooms and pay at one time since they had no change to give us they said.We tried to change money at the front desk and they refused.Even the bank next door refused to change money. Thank heaven for Thomas Cook across the street.The worst part was their so called security guard. We were kept getting a bad feeling about him. One of the single room (lady) returned to her room to freshen up and he followed her into her corner room. She stopped him dead in his tracks and went face to face with him asking what the bleep he wanted. Complaining to the front desk was worthless. They just said he is security.I would not stay here again since there were many choices in the area. The area was nice for shopping. The hotel did have internet for 60INR (30 minutes). The straw that broke the camels back was at breakfast. The ladies ate early for 150INR however when the gentleman came down to eat (the same breakfast exactly) their bill was 91INR.We noted this to the front desk and they said he ordered less items. Not true. Thank goodness it was only 1 night. We would have relocated if it was more.	
Sep 29 2007 	Don't stay here!!	OK, it looked nicer on the pics I've seen on the hotel website. And yes, I admit that this hotel is the best locationwise as it's in the center of Connaught place. However, when I first stepped in the hotel, the smell instantly made me sick. When I got there, my room was not ready, but they let me have a look at the room anyway. Whoever stayed before me, that person is absolutely disgusting. Cigarette butts were all over the floor, and the bed sheets were stained... and the bathroom!?? OMG, I don't even want to talk about it. (refer to the pics I posted.)They made me wait outside until they finish cleaning, and guess what!? It took less than 5 minutes to clean that messy room. They didn't change the sheets.. ahhh...Be aware of the travel agency they'd introduce to you. They charged me Rs.2,200 for the bus trip to Agra, but it turns out everyone else on the bus paid Rs.550 or less. They said it would be a new, large, and air-conditioned bus and most tourinsts would be from European countries. Oh, well.. I was the only non-Indian on the bus, and it surely sucked. Do not stay at this hotel. You don't want to waste ~$70/night for this crap. I stayed at the Intercontinental Grand before this hotel. You can get good deals from Asianrooms.com , so try. This hotel is not the best Intercontinental.. but since it's really hard to find decent hotels in Delhi, i think this hotel is really nice.	
Apr 3 2007 	decent hotel in connaught place	a few points:1) this is NOT 'Jukaso Inn', it is 'Hotel Jukaso Inn' - these are 2 different hotels - yes it is confusing!!2) i gave this hotel 4/5 (&quot;above average&quot;) as for delhi it is above average. i would probably give it 3.5/5 if i couldok, basically delhi is really hard to get a decent hotel that isn't ridiculously expensive. well this is an exception. it is a decent hotel in a very handy place, connaught place. it isn't beautiful but it is decent and clean with a good size room, bed, tv and shower/bathroom. the A/C was so-so as you couldn't choose a personal setting, it was basically a grill in the wall with cool air coming in. but the room was nice and cool so i didn't mind. there was a fan that could be controlled too.the breakfast was pretty good i thought though my girlfriend didn't like her eggs (no problem, i ate hers too!). it had 1 computer for internet use and at 68Rs (why 68?!!) per hour wasn't very cheap. other than that this hotel was grand. they were helpful with storing our bags all day as we had a late flight. and they helped organise a taxi for us.so in short, booking hotels in delhi is a nightmare cos all the reviews seem to be so bad, or else they are ridiculously expensive. well if i was ever staying in delhi again i'd stay here, and i would recommend it to a friend.	
