Feb 2 2009	Don't believe the website and beware of attempts at rip-offs	Be very sure that this place will suit you before you commit to staying here. You will be required to pay at least 50% of the tariff to confirm your booking, and you will have trouble if you change your mind about the period of your stay. You will also be asked to pay the full amount at check-in, and I would strongly recommend that you resist this request, because you will have a lot of trouble getting a refund if you decide to shorten your stay. I would not recommend that anyone book here sight unseen, because, despite all the hyperbole on the property's website, a lot of the information there is misleading in material ways. I booked 3 rooms for a party of 5 adults, and was initially shown a couple of bedrooms that could not be accessed independently. One could only get to the second bedroom through the first one. The bathroom could only be accessed across an unpaved outdoor courtyard. To get to this bathroom, the people in the first bedroom would have to pass through the second bedroom. When I suggested that this arrangement was not suitable, the owner claimed that the bathroom configuration was clearly stated on the website. I answered that the website described all the rooms as having attached bathrooms, and the owner said the site described these rooms as having an “adjacent” bathroom! At the time of writing, the website still states, under “Facilities”, “All rooms with exclusive attached bath/shower”.There were 2 other bedrooms where the bathroom was accessible only through the second bedroom, although in this case, at least the bathroom was under the same roof. The best room is the one on the roof, and although I pre-paid for this one we were directed to a more expensive room downstairs, and told that we would be charged at the same rate as the upstairs room. At check-out, this arrangement was forgotten. We ended up occupying the suites described on the website as the Emperor Petite and the Empress Petite. Although a small point, the advertised complimentary mineral water, chocolates and fruit basket did not materialise.The rooms were cluttered with all manner of knick-knacks, acting as very effective dust traps. The bed in the second bedroom of the Emperor suite was squeezed up against 2 walls, and although there was a small closet, it could not be used as there was no room for the door to open. There were also television sets in the bathrooms, but given the permanently wet surfaces caused by leaking plumbing fixtures, it is not advisable to turn these appliances on.The locality in which the property is situated is a very quiet and pleasant residential area, with a number of bungalows on large allotments. But there is no convenience shop within walking distance to meet travellers’ needs, such as drinking water. The metro station is 800 metres away, from where Connaught Place can be reached in 8 minutes.Despite reference to a cafe on the website, the only eating option is room service. Although the menu is extensive, only a very limited number of items is available. Due to the lack of eating places in the area, we cut our intended 5-day stay by 2 days. We informed the owner of our decision to check out early 24 hours in advance. His response was that we would lose the discount because discounts were only given for stays of 4 nights or more. According to the website, we should have been entitled to a discount of 15% for a stay of 3 nights. At checkout, the owner demanded an amount which did not include any discount, but included the higher cost of the downstairs room, and also a “retention fee” of Rs 9000. The retention fee was because we were checking out 2 days early, although the owner did not mention it when we notified him of our intention the previous day. We did not agree and eventually negotiated a sum which we considered fair. In a country with more advanced consumer protection laws, the owner’s pricing practices and service descriptions would attract the attention of regulators.The best thing about this property is the cheerful staff, especially Harish, who is on duty for extraordinarily long hours.	
Jan 29 2008 	Not a Gold Standard B	Found this place on the Incredible India website in the gold category of B&amp;B. Travelling as a family of 4 adults, we needed 2 bedrooms, and so I opted for this sort of homestay accommodation (trying to keep the cost down at the same time).Having confirmed the booking, I discovered that breakfast was charged as extra! But perhaps that was because I got a 20% discount for staying 4 nights and they were trying to recoup the 'discount'.The place is very tired and in need of serious updating. The website pix do not bear resemblance to actual. A tiny sitting area, two bedrooms, one with creaking bed every time you turn over. There's no room to swing a cat, and you have to walk through one bedroom to reach the shabby bathroom with filthy shower curtain. Dodgy old wiring (my son's rather expensive NEW camera recharger and my NEW ipod recharger stopped working after we stayed there). A very old fan heater supplied in one of the bedrooms.On the plus side, the owners were helpful; they recommended a local taxi and we ended up using the driver for 3 days. They also told us where to go to get a bag repaired, phoned ahead to the shop to check its opening hours, and instructed the driver on where to take us.The real gem in this place is Hari, the houseman who attends to all your needs - making 'bed tea', breakfast and delicious evening snacks (his French fries are to be recommended). He is always smiling and cheerful.Be careful how many slices of toast your order - when we settled our bill, we discovered that we were charged per slice!	
