Oct 29 2009 	would not choose again	We stayed one night only at this hotel as it was closer to the airport. We were greeted by a charming girl...but once she was gone there was not one friendly face except perhaps in the business centre. After all our wonderful memories in India...this one wasn't awful....just ordinary!! We had definitely been spoilt with our other choices.	
Sep 18 2009 	Discriminatory and bad service	I have been staying in this hotel for the last 2 years. The rooms have improved after a renovation. Rooms are ok but menu needs to increase at Eggspectation. The horrible thing is the hotel does not respect its guests. I was virtually turned out to wait on the road by one Mr. Bali inspite of staying in that hotel and having a company meeting there. You need to be careful as the staff at the counter looks ok but do not help when accosted with a problem. realised that hotel is discriminatory quite late.	
Aug 29 2009 	Perfect Business hotel	What a location,Perfect to do business-Close to the airport,close to shopping centre,to restaurants,also for sight seeing.Must have food at the restaurant Ano Tai.Amazing breakfast spread at Eggspectation.The service needs to improve a bit though.Had stayed at The Grand in the same area but stayed away as heard it had caught fire some time back.	
Jul 29 2009 	Satisfactory	Stayed here on a business trip with a colleague for 5 nights. First impressions were that the hotel itself was clean and had a plush entrance. The area the hotel stood in was not very smart and was close to a busy road. There were no other hotels close by as these were mainly in the diplomatic area which was closer to the town. One good thing about this hotel is that it is close to the airport. This becomes of major concern once you realise how bad the traffic can be at certain times of the day and you're in a hurry to get to the airport. If your staying nearer the town centre you'd need to leave in plenty of time!There are a few reasonable restaurants just next to the hotel. Punjab By Nature is a good place to get a tasty curry at a fair price. Otherwise there are the restaurants in the hotel which offer choices based on cost. The rooms are basic but clean. A large screen TV provides lots of channels to choose from in English. Wireless internet available in the room. Free if your staying in the Club Rooms. Bottled water is replenished every day so no need to worry that you're going to run out. In a word I'd say this hotel would suit business travellers better than tourists due to its location. The pool is outdoor and looks OK.	
Jun 10 2009 	Enjoied	I just returned from Delhi. I stayed on 9th and 10th June 2009. The hotel tariff is reasonable and have all facilities Viz. secretarial services, conference facilities and health club. The hotel is nearer to airport and is veery close to my meeting place i.e. Indian Roads Congress. The environment is excellant. The food and the service provided is very good. I enjoy staying in this hotel. This is 12th time I stayed.	
Jun 10 2009 	Mix Luxary with Your Business	We had two day business meeting in the Hotel Vasant Continental. The hotel is magnificent and we experienced very prompt service. The staff as well as our event organizer was very helpful to us, we never had to worry about the logistics, could focus on the business, the meeting room chairs were causing pain in the back of many participants. The nice thing is almost entire hotel is non smoking zone, the space alloted for smokers was open &amp; very very hot, I personally think its good way to discourage smoking but it would be good if hotel provides a little comfortable space for smokers as few of our members were annoyed by the heat.The swimming pool is very small &amp; so gets crowded in morning hours so couldn't really enjoy it. There were three different restaurants inside the hotel giving choice within Chinese, Indian, Continental categories I could visit two of the restaurants I really liked the Chinese one. We paid INR 6000 plus taxes per night for a room on the which I thought excellent value. There were 2 double beds so the two of us had no difficulty in sharing room. Overall I would say this is probably the one of the better hotels I have stayed in on business trip. Perhaps not the most convenient if all you want to save some costs &amp; its your routine meeting. But if you want to take on challenging issues wants to shape better team, mixing a little luxury with the business is must so this choice makes very good sense.	
Jun 8 2009 	A real vihar	Ambience PerfectFood : a must try for chicken dishesRooms : Luxurious,spaciousEnvironment is just so perfect for staying and especially when you are stressed down with work	
May 13 2009 	Good Business Hotel	I stayed in this Hotel while on Business travel to delhi. I enjoyed the stay.Rooms are fantastic. The ambience of the Hotel is great. Service is proffessional and staff is courteious.The only area that may be improved is the menu of Buffet Breakfast.	
Apr 21 2009 	Better stay Close to Delhi airport	I have stayed here for more than 5 times ... and ambience here absolutely great...During IPL season - I i was staying along with Deccan chargers team and we could meet Gilchrist, Laxman, Gibbs etc...it was a wonderful evening...Suite room with complimentry wine will give pleasant sleep after tiresome business hours...Review by JP # 9W 111061985	
Mar 19 2009	Excellent base in New Delhi when using an organised group tour	Stayed at Jaypee Vasant Delhi when on a Page &amp; Moy Tour during Oct 08. As part of a 30 person group we enjoyed excellent service co-ordinated by our tour manager. Restaurants at the hotel were varied in cuisine offering different styles and excellent quality. Common areas of hotel/ reception were very roomy and cool. Bar was excellent with live music shows and all staff very very attentive and helpful.Partner called ahead for a surprise for Birthday whilst we were staying and staff arranged a bouquet, cake and card on arrival free of charge which was a wonderful surprise.Hotel is some distance from the centre of New Delhi- (about 40 mins in Tuk Tuk) but some would say that this is an advantage to be out of the centre. Immediately outside the confines the hotel boundary you will certainly experience Indian life- it's amazing. All in all a relaxing a calm oasis in amongst busy touring days.	
Dec 20 2008 	Great Place	I stayed in Jaypee Vasanth for my business trip. First of all the location is very convinient. The food quality is excellant and to my surprise the hotel has provided a complimentary wine bottle in my room.The happy hours are really enjoyable.The only disturbing point was the renovation work going on in the hotel at that point of time.If I get an opportunity, I will not hesitate to Sign in once again.	
Sep 15 2008 	Loved the Hotel	I stayed in the hotel for a week when I first shifted to Delhi-2 weeks back.the location is great and everything you need is a mere 2 minutes walk.My room was a good size compared to some of the hotels I have earlier stayed and extremely comfortable..loved the wooden flooring! My room overlooked the pool and I saw quite a bit of green which was a pleasant surprise.The staff was extremely warm and helpful and attentive. The best part is the restaurants(which I continue to visit), especially the Chinese and the cafe with quite an unusual name -Eggspectation..the food is excellent.I would highly recommend this hotel!	
Aug 31 2008 	If you're considering this hotel - DON'T.	This hotel is situated on a busy corner within a suburb of Delhi. Despite promising first impressions on entering the hotel, this hotel was very disappointing.Several problems occurred during my stay. Firstly, the hotel is undergoing refurbishment in some rooms and my room had a strong smell of glue / solvents. However, that smell was preferrable to the one that met me on entering the bathroom. There was a very strong odour of sewage and I had to request that the bathroom be re-cleaned (which it was). Later in the afternoon, I attempted a nap in the room but couldn't get to sleep due to the continual noise of traffic outside the window. Unfortunately, the noise of horns and reverse alarms continued into the night, making any sleep virtually impossible.The pool area looks good - it is set within nice landscaped lawns with comfortable loungers, but it's dificult to relax when strong whiffs of sewage meet you every 5 / 10 mins.Later, before dinner, I tried to take a shower only to discover that there was no hot water whatsoever in the entire hotel. I was starting to think that nothing else could possibly go wrong but NO - I was awakened by the sound of hammering above my room!In conclusion, if you MUST stay at this hotel - take ear plugs and shower beforehand.	
Apr 25 2008 	Oasis of Peace in a busy city.	This Hotel was selected for its peaceful ambience for a last evening in Delhi prior to flying out the following morning. About 20 minutes drive to Indira Ghandi Intl. airport. We were not disappointed in anyway and in fact the meal we had in the Restaurant ranked as one of the best of our trip. Authentically Indian. There are other restaurants in the building but this was the best.Check in was smooth and the room was well furnished and very comfortable indeed. Check out next morning was very smooth and trouble free. We are not frequent users of &quot;City&quot; Hotels but this more than met our expectations. Friendly without being fussy. Large but not soulless.Just what we needed for a good nights sleep before a long flight.There are gardens but we did not have the time to make use of them.	
Oct 20 2007 	Good 4 star	A nice hotel. Not exceptional but clean, comfortable, good service and reasonable price - probably better classified as a good 4 star rather than 5 star.	
Apr 3 2007 	comfortable hotel in south Delhi	This hotel is billed as a 5*, but not a European 5* , think in terms of a good 3* or average 4*.It's about 15 minutes from the main airport, be amazed by the changing route, dual carriage way leading down into a terrible road through a local shopping area, with mad traffic and every kind of transport you can imagine!The hotel has a beautiful entrance and lobby, with the main restaurant leading off to one side and the bar to the other.The rooms are of a decent size, with all the normal facilities, very comfortable bed. A very poor hanging area in the wardrobe, constrained by the safe deposit box. A terrible hairdrier, take your own.Plenty of bottled water provided, don't use the tap water, it's not safe. Lots of staff around, they seem to be on the corridor most of the time to attend as required.The bar is very quiet most of the time, but there were several late night events while we there, local discos with terrible music ( it must be my age). Also 2 weddings in the extensive grounds, great to look at, not at all noisy.Breakfast was quite good, but ended promptly, don't expect the staff to leave the food out until you're finished, it just gets cleared away at the right time.The pool area was very clean and pool towels were always available. Good pool for lengths, not a leisure pool.The gym is on the second floor, is not advertised, but use is free, it has all the normal equipment and staff on hand. The sauna, steam room and jacuzzi all have a charge.	
Mar 25 2007 	Excellent except for the Spa 	Most helpful and frindly staff!Excellent restaurants. Expensive, but quality &amp; service justify the price.Pool environment does not very much invite to the -impeccable clean- pool. No deck chairs, what a pitty.The massage room is far too small and the masseur not up to his job.Rooms are great, first class materials for furniture and installations, bath room was a delight, even though I booked the cheapest room!Needless to say thet the huge plasma TV with uncountable Sat-channels was a highlight.Small things like flowers, cookies, chocolates that keep appearing are a very nice surprise.Not a cheap place, but worth every rupee!	
Dec 19 2006	Great place to stay!!	Hotel Vasant Continental is a wonderful hotel. They have a nice little gym, yoga classes, spa and salon, and great restaurant. The breakfast buffet which came with our room, (we booked a double) was delicious, they had both Western breakfast offerings, an omelette station, and South Indian breakfast as well, not to mention fresh fruit. Anything else that wasn't on the menu you could ask the staff and they would arrange it for you. I never tried the room service, as I like to be out exploring the city's hot spots, but there was always plenty of bottled water, my sheets and towels were always clean and fresh and they even gave us boxed chocolates every day. They also have a tea coffee maker and sugar, etc. Might I add that the bathrooms are spotless. The location just next to the Vasant Priya cinema is ideal, it's close to the city spots but not right on the main road so the rooms are quiet. I also arrived a day early from my trip to Nasik and they accommodated us at the last minute with an extra double. So I can't complain. LOVELY!	
Nov 20 2006 	Excellent Hotel	Excellent stay at this hotel! Rooms were clean and staff friendly! Breakfast was included in our stay which was at a nice restaurant within the hotel! - Also were provided with a bottle of wine and fruits when we first checked in! - There was a party at the hotel on fri night! hip hop night, which was excellent for us young people! overall i would recommend this hotel. The local area is quite good as it is right next to hotel, a few restaurants (would recommend the italian in the local area) ... All local ameneties nearby!	
Jan 28 2006 	Satisfactory stay	Located in south delhi, this hotel is a bit away from the business quarter. Rooms are adequate and service is what one would expect in a business-oriented hotel. A good chinese cuisine restaurant was a surprise.	
Jan 11 2006	Good hotel okay service....	We stayed in Jaypee Vasant Continental just for a night in transit between International and domestic flight. Hotel itself was clean and nice. Room was also well maintained and room-service was prompt and food was of good quality. Only thing that I didnt like was that while checking in we were treated very well- however while checking out they didnt even bother to pick our luggage and help with cab esp given that we were with an infant. Felt somewhat shoddy since they charged over $250 just for a nights stay.	
Dec 19 2005	pleasant hotel near airport	Stayed here last week because all other hotels were booked. Hotel was pleasant surprise, as it was in a quiet area and had good food (though expensive) and newly refurbished and clean rooms. Hotel is located near JNU campus and airport. Also around the corner is western style shopping area. I found this hotel much better value for money than the Grand Intercontinental Hotel, where I stayed earlier this month, which was not very clean and looked like it could do with a bit of fresh paint.	
Jan 9 2005	Consistently good	Recently renovated and modern. Excellent buffet style b'fast. Good in room dining. Only complaint is the insufficient access to internet. Two computers is inadequate and the service should be included with the room rate at a hotel of this caliber.For women, check out the well priced beauty parlor. I had my eyebrows &quot;threaded&quot; (plucked) - very well done. I will be using these services more on my next trip.	
Jul 12 2008 	Hôtel très bien		
