Mar 20 2009 	Not worth the money spend	External appearance is great. The employees dress like professionals. But it is only in their dress and salutations! All employees accept great tips. But service is really poor. I stayed in one room. There was heavy construction noise very nearby. Also there was block in bathroom sewage. Reported the trouble. They changed me to another room. Room was clean. But again not so good bath room and toilet (for the amount they charge). In the bathroom ventilator of this new room there was bird's nest and the birds were making noises. Looking out of the 4th floor room window, the view is in to the yard of a small house. You can enjoy everything happening in that house. Internet connectivity from your room: They charge you almost 15% of your room rent for internet connection for a full day and the connection is very poor. You cannot do any serious work with their connection. I stayed only for two days even though I was in Delhi for more than five days. The third day early in the morning itself I moved to another better hotel.	
Feb 21 2009 	Hotel wasn't bad but not in the best location	We stummbled upon this hotel accidently, were originally stayed at Raj Hans down the road...but it was soooo disgusting we paid double to stay at the Atrium the next night...our last night in India. so after staying in the crappiest 5 star ever the nite before the Atrium was definetly an upgrade...but it felt empty . We got there late ..about 11pm and were going to check out at 9 that morning so they lowered the rate for us. The location of this hotel sucks, the area is unlit at night...desserted....so for a first time traveller it made me uneasy...it was basically in the middle developing hotels...construction surrounds it...I think they are trying to build a community of resorts. The room was small but nice, modern. We ordered room service, it wasnt bad. Room was clean but there was a door joining our room with another and we could hear the people next door clearly...the walls are paper thin. I dont think I would stay there again but it was nice enough....we never did see any other guests,	
Nov 21 2007 	Terrible Hotel Terrible location	We had the misfortune to be allocated to this hotel by a tour operator.We were told we would be staying in a four star hotel in Old Delhi. However it transpired that we were instead booked into this hotel which is 25k from Delhi in another town altogether, Faridabad, an unattractive industrial area.Our first impressions of the hotel were of a massive construction site spewing dust onto a building with peeling paint and dirty windows. The room was the worst we stayed in throughout our two week stay in India. It was dirty, the electrical sockets were not attached properly to the wall, the sheets were stained and had holes and for the first 24 hours we had no hot water. The construction site began at around six am and made noise which was loud enough to wake us through a closed window.The hotel is arranged into four atriums which are massive and deserted. It seemed that our tour group and handful of others were the only people staying in hotel which had a capacity for at least ten times that amount. The service was not remarkable but a little lax. A room service tray which was outside our room when we arrived had not been removed when we left nearly 48 hours later, despite various staff coming to our and the adjacent room during the period.It took between 40 and 90 minutes to get in and out of the centre of Delhi depending on traffic and therefore it was not a practical choice for sightseeing in the city.I would not recommend that anyone stay at this hotel.	
Jul 5 2007 	Horrible intrusive service at the Atrium	I had the misfortune to spend around 10 days at the Atrium hotel while travelling on business. Really it was quite disappointing from start to finish. I was given a room with a tiny window in a corner, facing out onto an active construction site that was active almost around the clock. Besides the noise, construction workers could look right into the room as soon as a the curtains were open which left me without natural light most of the time. When I got to the room the shower didn't work, and it took them ages to fix, the toilet seat was broken, there was hair on the bedsheets, the carpets in the room were filthy and other small details in the room, glasses etc, were just not clean. I was never offered a new room.The service ranged from being, in the best case, just very awkward, to in the worst case being extremely intrusive. In general it was always bad. After a very disappointing meal in the restaurant I pointed out that the bill was incorrect (in my favour). Two times I was assured that it was fine. Two hours later I was called up in my room by someone who refused to speak english but managed to communicate that I needed to sign my bill. After a while he said he would come to my room. It was almost midnight and I had already gone to bed so I said absolutely not. Minutes later, despite my refusal, the person knocked on the door, barged in and forced me to sign a new restaurant bill to correct the mistake made hours ago. The difference was just a few rupies.Laundry was returned at almost 11pm and was always incorrectly handled despite clear instructions.I can't believe this hotel manages to market itself as international standard accomodation as it is so far below what can reasonably be expected that it is just not worth it at any price.	
May 9 2007 	Good hotel excellent service	We stayed at the Atrium for three nights in April.The service from check-in to check-out was excellent; all staff were helpful and friendly.The entrance is grand, the communal areas are well decorated, and the rooms are comfortable. Power can be erratic at times, but this is to be expected in Delhi.You will need transport if staying at this hotel, as it is a little out of town.All in all a nice hotel, and I would stay here again.	
