Jul 16 2009 	cheap nice enough.....	its not 5 star accomodation but its nicer than some of the others the shower rooms/toliet isnt like a hotel one its more like what ud have in ur bathroom........ I think the best thing about this hotel is the nice cheap currys, the friendly staff the giantic beds and they offer cable which has a few english speaking channels. Location is not too bad either everything u need is reachable which a short walk its just round the cornor from a train station where u can catch trains too places all round india a good place too go from here thats not too far away is agra where u can see the Taj Mahal	
Jun 30 2009 	Hell on earth	The hotel is filthy, the staff are all dishonest. The Manager is even worse than the staff, I am used to travelling in India, but this hotel and any in its group are to be avoided.Room service tried to charge 200 INR for 2 bottles of coke (menu price less than 40 INR)Sandwich 600 rupee, menu price 65 rupee.We needed a room on our return to Delhi, the manager promised to upgrade us for the one night, the room in in the nearby Yuvraj was just has filthy (someone's period stains were on &quot;clean sheets&quot;) The upgraded room is listed as 1200 rupees on their website, the manager tried to charge 2800 rupees. there is not a hotel on that street that charges over 1500 rupees per night.Avoid this group like the plague.	
Mar 1 2009 	Do Not Stay Here!	Do not let the reception fool you, we got a warm welcome but it went downhill from there. The room was dirty and smelly. We got ripped off due to taking the services offered by the hotel and the one time we got food from the hotel we couldnt eat it as it wasnt cooked right! On a more positive note there was security in the hotel and once youve stayed here anywere else will seem lovely.	
May 24 2008 	This so-called hotel is awful	I had to stay at Chand Palace in April 2008 for 5 days before I left India after a 3 month stay in New Delhi. You will see a lot of dirtness all over Delhi but you should expect that at a place where you pay that much money. The room itself - with a window which was too small to see the wall on the otherside of the &quot;street&quot; - was some how clean but the bathroom was a disaster. The basin was broken, the water was so strange that you couldn't use it for brushing your teeth - it's the only place I have seen where you can't even use the tube water for that purpose - the only towel I got during the whole stay was dirty and had some stains from someone who was spitting pan in it, you will have just one winter blanket, which is useless for temperatures like 20 to 30 degrees during the night. Beside that, you should take some earplugs with you otherwise you are not able to sleep because of all that noise.The food was like the street food 20 Rps. which you can get everywhere in Delhi but here you will be at least 100 Rps. Furthermore, we you check in the hotel and ask for the price of the stay, then do that in a written form. I asked the desk manager before my check in and at the end it was nearly the double of the price. If you really want to enjoy that beautiful country and city than choose some of the other, less expensive and pleasent and really nice hotels - I mean one of the houses that is worth calling it a hotel - in New Delhi.	
Feb 4 2008	Terrible in every aspect	We stayed there for 3 nights in January.It was by far the worst and most expensive room we had in our holidays...:-No daylight-VERY loud-Dirty -Very cold (no real windows).-Slum-like neighborhood-No hot water (we actually paid for hot water)-VERY unfriendly staff-Very expensive in comparisonAt the checkout they cheated with the account.So, just stay away from this [--] hole and look in Lonely Planetfor decent rooms...Regards,Christoph	
Dec 10 2007 	It was terrible and dirty	Dirty!! the staff is always spitting. Noisy.	
Jun 12 2007 	Terrible slum	Dark dingy room with leaking toilet, wierd unfriendly service, yellow dirty cold and smelling &quot;shower&quot;/pipe water. Stayed only one night thankfully, was worst night of 4month trip, even the hotel's own driver rips you off (400rps to conaught place via an unwelcome stop at his friend's restaurant!). Place accross the 'street' is a falling down firework factory...take care! If you are used to any sort of basic comfort then stay somewhere in southern New Delhi, not Paranganj! Positive reviews must be from hotel owner or staff, this place is not remotely acceptable even to a backpacker, certainly not at GBP20/night in India! We stayed in many other places in India, and hence I know how poor quality this places is compared to others around the country. Don't be fooled by the front desk, these places seems to spend their whole budget on the lobby alone!	
Feb 25 2007 	Total Dump	Dirtiest and filthy place we had ever stayed, expected better in the capital, Holes in the wall with area around the Air conditioner open, noise, cold air and polltuion of delhi can be well savoured here.Place was dirty, we changed room 3 times in 2 nights, hot water problem, not on till the reception want a shower.Room smelt of Shitand Urine, may be the Delhi aroma as all Indian ciites now a days. POLLUTION.Fake reviews may be from locals not from poor foreigners who are conned into these hotels. Even the ELECTRIC SWITCH IN THE BATH ROOM WAS HANGING OUT OF THE WALL. hEALTH &amp; SAFETY IS -zeerroo-	
Oct 19 2006	Good Hotel!	Good Hotel!It was great. We had a clean comfortable room. Checkin &amp; Checkout service was great&amp; quick.	
Oct 15 2006	Not a any star hotel	no airport pick up unless advance payment...reservation didnot mean anything......endup picking up taxi (300rs for two)salty running water and it is yellow (non filtered from river yamuna)other people airport pick up was charged dubble becuse diffrent flight....promished 175Rs per person...charged ....300 per person we stayed two night group of 28 people..(since was schduale gethering there...we had no choice).cocroch runs for life soon as light turn on....rooms are not near what show on site ...showed on site is model 2 rooms....not a deluxe ac rooms.bed sheets had a blood spots. replacement had similer other stain......resturent will bring food from outside and charge guest triple price ....no big vehical go in a doorway .unless you have small economy car .....it is not on main road....forget about parking (no parking at all...place stink like dump site ...or rotten egg........no running hot water ......only for 6-8am ...other wise take a bath peal...2 tea and 4.tost cost Rs.500 charge guest for bakery not for bread.....i ask him i don't want to buy bakery...place is worst than privet motel in us ........	
Oct 8 2006	Good security	It was a bit quite.Good Security!Room and bathroom were clean.Bed was so comfortable.Everything was Good.	
May 8 2006	One night no problems	I stayed for one night here and found it fine. Nice staff, good location, my ride to the airport came quickly and was resonably priced, the phone worked, as did everything else in the room. There were a few creepy crawlies in the bathroom but they didn't bother me! I would stay here again but next time I go to India I will be on a tighter budget and this will be a little over.	
Apr 28 2006	RUN from this place!	Terrible location. Very dirty. Broken toilet, broken and filthy fridge, and broken air conditioner. Rooms smelled like dead fish. Don't even think of a good nights rest here.	
Mar 3 2006	One of the best hotel Loved It	I stayed three days in this hotel and found that this place was remarkable with best staff. I recieved warm welcome at the airport with the pickup and the hotel was very nice and loved it so much. This hotel consulted me a tour which was great recomended by Raman who runs Akshat Tours and Travel, I would recomed it to all my travel minded friends...	
Dec 4 2005	Hotel Chand Palace-poor	Having already booked with Expedia, I was expecting worse when I read reviews such as those atandHowever, I had only paid the minimum rate for a room and I did have a window, a fridge, a TV, my own loo (which leaked) and a fan (the noise of which was very necessary at night to blank out other noises. There was no hot water, the room was dirty (but not crawling!), and many fittings were broken. There were a lot of (friendly)staff who never a seemed to do anything unless you actually gave them the bin to empty.It was just about OK for me, but I could not recommend it unless you are desperate to save your last dollar	
Oct 22 2005	dirty building site	This is not a nice hotel. It is basic but not at all clean. It is currently undergoing building work and together with hotel being built next door means there is constant drilling, welding and hammering from early am til late at night. The room was damp and the carpet crawling, literally. The food was okay and the staffwere nice enough but if you need some sleep, forget it. Also, room had no windows and broken AC unit.	
Jun 29 2005	Friendly Hotel	I stayed in Hotel Chand Palace 2 nights and i was very happy to know this hotel where the employees are very kindly with guests and i will recommend this hotel to my friends.Gerard Luzi	
Nov 4 2006 	Une séjour plaisant		
