Oct 26 2009 	Awful Hotel	I was travelling with a group of friends and we decided to stay at this place. Big mistake. We booked far in advance, but they managed to book us one room to few. When we argued with them and showed them various emails that proved booking, they said that we had not asked for enough rooms and that it was our fault. At first they told us that some of us would have to stay elsewhere, but in they end they finally relented and found us another room. The staff were rude and pushy, barging into our rooms at odd times of the day and evening. Also, we had to wait for about an hour at the front desk whilst they checked various booking details - they seemed determined to find a reason not to let us stay. The rooms were dirty, pokey and noisy.	
Jun 28 2009	Ok if you're not expecting too much	This place is ok but don't expect it to be perfect. Location is good. It's quite close to the metro and it's very close to a nice shopping street. It's a bit in a building area so when we first arrived in the middle of the night it kind of scared me out. In the daylight it was a bit better though. Rooms are ok, make sure you have one with windows, the ones at the back are the most quiet. Place is quite clean (for Delhi-standards), didn't see any bugs at least. Rooftop restaurant is nice, they serve food that's quite ok, breakfast is ok too.	
Jun 11 2009 	don't stay here	Not a good place to stay! We were there as part of a Gecko's tour. The room was dirty, the bathtub was stained and they use moth balls in the sinks which end up smelling up the entire room. Service was really weird. We were two women travelling together which may explain the &quot;extra&quot; attention we received. The bus boys would knock on our door for various &quot;reasons&quot; and when we opened the door they would attempt to push their way into the room, I had to start standing in front of the door to prevent this. There was also a knock on the door at 9:30pm (we didn't answer) which was not followed up by a call from the front desk so who knows what they wanted! There are much nicer neighbourhoods in Delhi - don't stay here!	
Apr 19 2009 	Not a bad place to stay...	After reading previous reviews of this property I was a little bit sceptical about how comfortable my stay would be. I stayed at the hotel twice during my first trip to India and found it to be good. The location is good, close to a lot of shopping and the metro station and restaurants are not far away if you ask the hotel staff. The staff were extremely helpful, the porters and reception staff were able to help us with any of our questions and booked taxis for us. As for the rooms, they were clean and comfortable. Yes, there is a wet bathroom - which is common in any part of Asia. We also ordered room service and the food was prompt, fresh and tasty - the porters always rang the doorbell and waited for us to answer the door. It is a standard budget hotel in India and it was better than I expected - especially after reading other postings.	
Dec 4 2008 	Not a good place to stay	The hotel was booked by a travel agent and for the price they charged (I have stayed at much better hotels for the price I paid here), I expected much much better. The floor was dirty, bathrooms were wet..i was disgusted. Dont know about food and restarant quality as I decided not to eat there after I saw the rooms. Also the area is very noisy and crowded. I have attached some pics I took...	
Jul 31 2008 	Far from Perfect but not that bad	Really not as bad as previous reviews suggest in my opinion. The exterior doesn't bode well and it is definitely budget but we found the staff delightful and helpful. Room was OK, not dirty. It had TV, fridge and large bathroom. Did not use the restaurant so can't comment on it. However do not use this hotel if you are looking for luxury!!	
May 8 2008 	Cheap place	Rasika15/02/2008Sri Lanka,This hotel is not so good, but it's a good budget hotel. Staff is not so friendly, but supportive. Room boys don't speak English, we had a bad time with them due to lack of communication. Food was not up to our expectations, but ok ( since this is a budget hotel). Rooms were clean &amp; tidy enough. Bathroom was clean &amp; ok.You can find a PIZZA HUT &amp; a MACDONALDS little far , but working distance from the hotel.Also if you like to have Indian food there is a good clean restaurant very close to the hotel and there is a big night market too. Also you can find lot of money changers near by the hotel. Roads are really busy &amp; noisy. So considering all these I think, a person cant expect something more than this from a budget hotel. I would like to recomond this hotel for travelers who look for cheep hotels. Remember to bring bottled water along with you......	
Apr 14 2008	Dirty hotel	By far the worse hotel I've ever seen.Been to India a lot and for half of the money they charge, you can get much better.Don't go to this hotel people they will try to rip you off after you've seen how dirty and cheap the rooms are.They have one suite and they put these photos on the net.Absolute misguidance.When I stayed there I called my travel agent immediatly to find me a different hotel.	
Nov 21 2007 	Strange	Strang, strange hotel. Far from perfect..Booked by a travel agent through this tour we did. By far the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. We ate in the restaurant once. We were alone. The waiter took our order, dissapeared for about 45 minutes and returned with the food to stand the other side of the restaurant and stare at us eating. Another waiter also stood and watched us and also took photos of us with his mobile phone.We ordered room service from then on. Still they don't knock, just come into the room, close the door behind them.. I know the culture is different but the hotel only seems to get Australian, American and British guests and they should know that we find this extremely rude.The area was absoloutely awful. We couldn't even find somewhere to buy a bottle of water. We felt very scared, always being followed, and were not happy here at all.	
