Sep 13 2009	a place where leisure and comfort coincides.	it's a wonderful place to stay and enjoy the city. at the end of the day u get a good food and a lovely place to sleep.	
Jul 21 2009	Great stay !!	Date 19th June, 2009We booked the room , market facing in the bustling street. The hotel is nice and has homely comforts. Moreover, the in house restaurant is the best in the area. We felt safe and comfortable. Highly recomended.	
Apr 8 2009 	Not luxurious but excellent for Paharganj	This is not a destination hotel. You wouldn't go to Delhi just to stay there. But if you like Paharganj or at least its convenience for the train station, metro, etc., Metropolis is about as good as it gets. Be sure to request rooms 109, 110, or 111. They are in an entirely different league from all of the others.Paharganj is bustling and virtually none of its hotels are quiet, and this is no exception, but with the a/c running it's manageable.Also, do not ask the front desk to arrange pick-ups, cars, etc. for you as they will charge nearly double what others in Paharganj charge. I bargained them down for one particular trip but I had to start over every time I returned to the front desk to confirm or change the time, with the attendant not believing I had bargained it down with someone else before. There is a travel agency immediately across from the front door of Metropolis that will give you much more reasonable prices for everything.	
Jan 15 2009 	Filthy absolutely filthy!	I've been eating at the Metropolis for years, but hadn't stayed there since it used to be a cheap but quality hotel for backpackers back in 1993. The reason I eat there is that it has an alcohol licence (the only place in Parharganj, that i know of), and although a bit expensive for India, the food is good, the beer is chilled and both the downstairs and rooftop restaurant tend to attract a decent crowd. It is a great place to meet people or to have a business lunch.Both the hotel staff and restaurant staff always were, and still are, extremely hospitable, polite and very helpful when it comes to getting tickets confirmed or booked, organising things and so forth. The staff are great.So, it was with this in mind and travelling to Delhi for the first time with my newly acquired wife, i booked in for a double, en suite room room with television.Now, what we got was indeed a room, with a double bed, television, en suite bathroom, AC and a fridge....but the room clearly hadn't been cleaned since I last stayed there in 1993. The fridge was worse than the fridge that my mate Dave used to have in his student house shared with 9 other stoners, and both myself and my wife preferred to stay out of the bathroom. It was a complete horror show. It didn't need cleaning - it was way past that stage - it needed to be completely burnt out and started over again.Having raved about Delhi to my wife, i was quite embarrassed to have taken her there. We only stayed the one night, and unless somthing changes there, given the choice of cheaper and better quality rooms available through Parharganj, i am not likely to stay there again.You will still find me up on the roof top restaurant in the evenings though. Stop by and say hi.	
Nov 1 2008	The Best choice !!!	My mate and I stayed here Three times during our time in India, we tried a variety of rooms, ranging from okay too &quot;Top shelf&quot; for the $$$$.. oops Rs.Rooms were all clean, as well as bedding, although the usual Delhi plumbing rumbles from time to time.The Rooftop restaurant had more than a few visits from us, each time sampling something different, with no complaints.Breakfast was always a pleasant experience, not only the food but also the helpfullness of the staff... Very charming, courteous and always willing to help with directions, language translation etc etc.I would not hesitate in recommending this hotel to any friend or budget traveller looking for a very safe and trustworthy place to stay. Everyone From the Front Reception to the Sharma family management, are exceptionally friendly and proffessional.	
Oct 23 2008	Noisy scruffy but a real taste of Delhi	The Metropolis provided a realistic introduction to India for the first-time visitor. The Metropolis is in the maelstrom of the lively market district, with all the colour, noise, dirt, bustle and confusion that that entails. A shock to those used to well-ordered suburbs, but exciting and a real taste of India.Our room was small, scrufffy with temperamental air conditioning, of no character and very noisy - packs of barking dogs as well as the street hubbub! Avoid a room at the front if you can.The staff were very friendly, attentive and helpful, and the restaurants - breakfast downstairs, lunch and dinner upstairs - in the open air or under cover upstairs as you chose - provided a variety of excellent food.We survived a week there - it proved a good base for exploring the city and we came to feel at home. Nevertheless, on our return to Delhi for our last nights in India we did chose a more expensive hotel in the south of Delhi to ensure sound sleep, though we did return to enjoy a last lunch at the upstairs restaurant.Given that you don't go to India to experience the anodyne, this hotel is good value.	
Aug 8 2008 	Disappointing experience	This was our second stop over in Delhi so we decided to upgrade ourselves from the previous guesthouse in the middle of Pahar Ganj, and chose this hotel based on appearance.Despite booking our stay using the hotel website, and receiving email confirmation, we were annoyed to find the night manager had no knowledge of our reservation when we finally arrived at 01.00 am. However he did manage to find us a room (albeit on the small side, but we were in no position to argue as this was all that was left). Our room was fairly clean but had obviously been well used, and the whole hotel could do with a spruce up and although we were given a discount for the inconvenience at check-in, we did not feel that this booking gave value for money.	
Jan 1 2008 	Shabby place	The hotel is well located in Paharganj, a lively quarter in Delhi. The rooms are not very nice, with poor lighting and dirty-looking bathrooms. Our room was even very noisy, as we could hear our neighbor in the bathrooms next door, spitting, toilet noises and the lot. Breakfast was not on the roof but in the hotel lobby. Avoid the pancakes, mine had a terrible taste of egg...	
Nov 21 2007 	Better than reviews	We thought this hotel was the best to the Paranga (main bazzar) region and a little more expensive for good reason. If u want cheap and cheerful then try the Lord Krishna, if not here was good, a/c not noisy, big clean room and sheets and towels. Will do a deal if not busy and airport taxi only 300R, much less than out previous 'budget' (smylee inn - dont go there) hotel that charged 520R for our pick up.Lively and best place to stay in Delhi to experience real city life. Haggle hard, but dont be mean and enjoy the surroundings. plus the metro is just over the road and only 6R to Connaught place.	
Apr 11 2007	nice hotel	I've just stayed at this hotel and felt obliged to write a review so you know what you're getting. My friend and I spent quite a while reading reviews of this and other hotels in the mid range of the lonely planet, and there were good and bad reviews for each place, it was difficult to make a choice.The hotel is at the better end of the bazaar, where the street is a bit wider and not as grimy. Its still the bazaar though, so its dirty and busy all the time, so be prepared for that. Our room was a very large room at the top, it was quiet, with AC, a couple of fans, and even a fridge. The room itself was ok, plain with no character, but sheets and walls were clean. The staff were the friendliest that i came across in India, and seemed interested in helping us with advice on various things. We ate at the restaurants upstairs and down, and thought the food was good too. This place is by no means the Ritz, but for Delhi i think its really ok. MY first night in Delhi was spent in a smaller, cheaper hotel in the middle of the bazaar and it was quitre a nasty experience, a tiny room which felt very dirty.	
Jan 20 2007 	Overpriced bad location	I stayed at the Metropolis Tourist Home in november 2006 and didn't like the place at all. The rooms are clean, but there are no windows, no hot water and the airconditioning is very loud and doesn't really work. The rooms do have a fan aswell, but I was afraid it would come down from the ceiling and since i was lying underneath it....... The rooftop restaurant is good. But the worst thing about the hotel I found was the location. I thought Paharganj was cramped with hotels and guesthouses. People constantly hassle you. If I would return to Delhi (which I don't think I will) I would stay somewhere in the southern part of town. It is further from all the sightseeing spots, but in a hectic place as Delhi I think the relative calmness of a suburb is a necessarity.	
Nov 11 2006	overpriced and overhyped	I have been to the Metropolis tourist home in the Paharganj area since i wanted a mid range place and this one was supposed to be one the best in this category according to Lonely planet.I paid 1400 rs/night(24 euros) for a very mediocre room poorly furnished. There were no amenities at all in the bathroom, there was no hot water most of the time and the shower pressure was really weak.It was impossible to adjust the air con since it was broken.They give you only one sheet(good thing that i had mine) .There was a tiny tv.On the good side, the room was clean and big and the rooftop restaurant is good.Overall i had the feeling that this place was overpriced(2star price for what is really a backpacker guesthouse) and i will probably not come back to this hotel.	
Nov 5 2009 	Welcome to the Jungle!		
