	Good hotel for an overnight stop	We spent two separate nights at this hotel as part of our tour of India.As others have said, it is heavily used by and geared to tour groups, There are a lot of arrivals and departures in the night and early morning, which may be disturbing to individual travellers.This is a good hotel though. Our room was pleasant and the bathroom clean. The food was good and the service very friendly and welcoming, except at the front desk where staff were a little abrupt.The gardens are very well maintained, quiet and peaceful. On our second visit our enjoyment of them was increased by the beautiful decorations and fairy lights for a wedding reception to be held that evening.We would not hesitate to return for an overnight stay.	
Nov 12 2009 	Characterless	The Ashok is reasonably close to the airport. Getting there is rather odd, you have to drive down a dirt track and the hotel is at the end - we were in transit, so it didn't matter much, but you wouldn't want to stay there if you were on a trip to see the sights of Delhi. The hotel and rooms (although large) are characterless. Service in the restaurant was OK, as was the food. When we arrived at midnight we were unable to get a beer - bar closed and no beers in the mini-bar! Reception did however find us a couple of beers which were delivered to our room.	
Sep 10 2009	away from the bustle of delhi	useful stopover if visiting Delhi. good pool and excellent food. road works when i was there so getting to and from was a bit of a problem but was over come. taxi ride away from nightlife in delhi	
Sep 5 2009 	Old but comfortable	On a five star scale rating this hotel would qualify as a high end 3 star hotel. It's an older resort style hotel but has few amenities. The building and the grounds are surrounded by a tall wall which is what seperates the front of the building from the busy street. We stayed in a room facing away from the street and did not have any complaints about the noise. The bathrooms were clean and so were the linenes. There are nice big flat panel televesions with tons of local cables and news stations to watch. The grounds are manicured and well kept and the pool was clean. Since it was the winter season when we were there we opted not to go for a swim but the pool itself seemed nice. The gym is a bit cramped and dark and equipment seriously out of date but if you are just looking for descent cardio equipment it should get the job done. The breakfast served was minimal but all you can eat. Overall our stay was pleasant and would consider staying again.	
Aug 14 2009 	Total Rip Off	This is one of the nicer hotels in Delhi and is conveniently located quite near both the domestic and international airport. While the rate on the asiarooms website was fantastic, guests should be warned that this hotel charges astronomical rates for its taxi service, so this certainly would not suit the budget traveller. Where the pre-paid taxi from the international airport to the hotel charged 240 rupees, the hotel then charged 600 rupees plus tax for their own taxi service back. (This is more in line with what one would expect to pay in Europe for the same distance). However, the taxi service was very timely and efficient.Food and drinks are also very expensive here. Where a bottle of water would only cost 15 rupees elsewhere, this hotel charges about 100 rupees, working out at about €1.40. The quality of the food in the restaurant is substandard for India. Dinner consists of a self service buffet of food which has been sitting for hours heating in a bamberree and breakfast is the same. Very disappointing. The dinner works out at three times the cost that you would pay for a lovely dinner served in a good quality restaurant in other parts of Delhi. As this hotel is quite a bit outside the main centre of Delhi it is not a good location for anyone who is interested in using it as their main base for sightseeing. I would recommend flagging a rickshaw from the main road up from the hotel to the city centre which should cost about 230 rupees (insist on the meter being used).Expense aside, the hotel is very clean and the grounds are beautiful. It is a very relaxing place to unwind after the hustle and bustle of downtown Delhi. The pool is lovely too.The hotel is fine for a one night stopover to get to the airport. Bring plenty of money!	
May 17 2009 	Much nicer than an airport hotel!	We stayed on our first and last nights in India, it was our airport hotel. There was no queue at check in and our room was super, with a very smart marble bathroom. There was also a nice garden (for a late night jet-lagged stroll). We found the restaurant to be quite convenient, when the buffet is on, that's what you have to have - otherwise you choose from a menu. There is food available late, from a reduced menu. The food was nice, with Indian and Western choices. We also enjoyed the breakfast, with plenty of choice available. The gift shop was small but pleasant (although they did try to sell us an elephant with its tusks missing).	
May 3 2009 	Very Good Hotel	Really a good hotel. Food,services room ambience everthing was really great. Not very close to town but good place to stay.	
Apr 30 2009 	"Welcome to our beautiful hotel. Now pay up!"	We stayed at this hotel in April 2009.The positive aspects are:the staff is very polite.Addtionally, the Ashok is very beautiful and at least when we were there, quiet.It also has a lovely pool, despite the smell of sewage in the air at times.(I wonder what they water the plants with?)Although the rooms certainly aren’t 5 star standards by any stretch of the imagination (no hot water when we were there) they were comfortable, had soft beds and large cable plasma TV’s.  All this aside, however…The hotel is overpriced and its directorial policy - greedy.The rates changed when we were there (they went lower because we were there at the end of the high season), but they still charged us for the higher rate quoted in our e-mails.  During our entire stay, it felt as though the Hotel was only trying to get as much money out of us as possible.In the 30 hours we were there, (we paid a very expensive day rate as well as our overnight stay) not once were we offered as much as a complimentary glass of water. Instead the guests are charged (6 times the normal price compared to anywhere else in India) .It just made us feel a little taken advantage of since the hotel is in the middle of nowhere.And it was hot. Furthermore, just to use the internet, the price is almost 3 times that of other hotels in India and the minimum charge was only for an hourly rate (not half hour). At every turn, one feels that the hotel is doing any little connivance to get as much money out of the guest as possible. Finally, on check-out, the desk manager sent a boy to look at our mini-bar in case we were being dishonest with our declaration. It was a bit insulting, especially since we had been so courteous to everyone at the hotel.All kidding aside, we spent over 19,000 rupees in the hotel for one overnight stay, a day rate, and a modest dinner. We certainly weren't about to rip off a bag of potato chips! I think these practices are put into effect because the hotel is really an establishment for tour guests being offloaded by buses who are there for a short time. For privately booked couples, however, spending some time in the hotel, one feels pretty targeted. Even the restaurant upstairs was the only one in India in the 3 and half weeks we were there which added an additional tax in an attempt to make the prices on the menu seem lower than they were.Plus the lights are on full during dinner, so it is anything but cozy despite the fine décor.I mentioned a lot of this to the manager and informed him that had things been done differently we would have eaten dinner there instead of at the airport on departure. He thanked my for my honesty, something which was commendable and admitted that he had heard some of this before. The pictures look great, but the hotel doesn't exhibit much class despite how beautiful it looks or what its prices are.A hotel with class does not send a boy to double check the mini bar right in front of its guests!A hotel with class, which is secluded, should not over -charge 6 times the normal price for water which is a necessity- not a luxury despite its affordability. It leaves one with a bad feeling.Should you stay there? Well, it is comfortable enough, just don’t expect to be treated as anything more than a pay check.	
Apr 6 2009 	Poor Value	We (husband, wife and teenage daughter) stayed at the Ashok Country Resort for one night only - fortunately. Probably the poorest value for money place we stayed in during our two week holiday in Rajasthan, Agra and Delhi. Given the relatively high rates, I'd rate the resort as below average at best.	
Jan 30 2009 	No Complaints	The Ashok is basically a transit hotel used by holiday companies to accommodate travellers for one or two nights on their way in and out of India. It is set in tidy and secure grounds, a short ride from the airport. During my stay, I found the hotel staff to be polite and helpful. The food at both breakfast and dinner was extremely nice although service was sometimes a little disorganised. The first floor rooms in the hotel are rather dark and dismal and in need of some refurbishment. The ground floor rooms are a lot nicer, cleaner and more modern. The pool area looked very nice. Reception changed cash (Euros) for us quickly and easily, at a reasonably good rate, and gave us a proper receipt for the transaction. If you want to do online check-in for your return flight, the hotel has a single computer in reception that you can use. The internet connection is very slow.	
Jan 23 2009 	cold hotel with nice garden	The homepage of the Ashok Country Resort promises more than the hotel can provide. The garden is very nice, but it isn't calm because of the traffic outside. It looks so nice from outside and in the lobby. But the room was not very clean and the beds were clammy. The room were also cold, the small heater did his best, but this wasn't enough. The food in the restaurant is everage, the breakfast small. I was really disappointed.	
Nov 5 2008	Very Average	Stayed 1 night at the beginning and 1 night at the end of the Kuoni Taj Tour. Was nice and close to the airport so the trip to and from was very easy. The hotel seemed adequate for our hectic schedule as there was very little leisure time. The rooms on the ground floor are not as nice as the rooms on the 2nd floor as we discovered on our return visit. Grounds and pool seem nice but didn't have the time to explore that much. The food was reasonable for both dinner and breakfast. The porters were very helpful in carrying and collecting baggage however I have a feeling this was due to the group being Kuoni and not standard practise for the hotel. Changing money was a nightmare. They have to get authorisation for Travellers Cheques from a bank before they will change the money which obviously can take time. Also they never seemed to actually have money at reception we were told come back in half an hour .... which with a busy schedule was not ideal!	
Oct 12 2008 	the last place to stay in delhi	i was supposed to stay for 4 nights but ran after 3 could not take it anymore. The worst rooms i have ever stayed in. i've even stayed in motels with better service and rooms. The only thing good was some of the foods served in the restaurant.	
Oct 9 2008 	a shocking experience	We were arriving late from Bangkok with my girlfriend and on our way to Agra, so we thought we'll stay near by the airports. I thought to stay in a nice hotel, not having huge expectations but for this price at least expect to get a decent room...well not even close of it.The welcome at the airport was weird, we had to look for the hotel driver in the line of all the other hotels driver at the exit gate for 30 minutes before the guy showed up, then it complain to us about the delay in addition of being plain rude...The room was horrible, look 20 years old, not even a proper mattress on the bed, the bed sheets and towels were 10 years old...We ordered some room service at 01:30 am, big mistake, it took 1 hour for a club sandwich to arrive and it look like they went to buy it in a small food stall on the road side...When we checked out we where not asked how was our stay or gave any comment card or else, meaning that they don't care what you think, just show the money, and after you pay not even a thank you for staying there or else.We then jumped in the car back to the airport after that I charged the luggages in the trunk myself as the concierge didn't even move off the door to help or propose is help.I was happy to be out of this crappy place, they have no clue of how to run their business and obviously what hotel business is all about.	
Oct 7 2008	Good for being close to the Airport	Great hotel, very close to Delhi International airport, ideal for a 1 night stay before an early flight.The large pool area is relaxing, and they served a good and varied snack menu since we didn’t want to wait until the main restaurant opened at 7pm. This is a buffet style restaurant, fine if you are hungry enough, but not for light meals.Whilst I was relaxing on my sunbed, it started to rain. There was a flurry of activity, and the next minute I had 4 staff surrounding me putting up a huge gazebo. A bit embarrassing to lie in the middle of it all going on, but it saved me having to go indoors.The bedroom was quite small but functional with a nice view over the garden	
Sep 23 2008	nice pool and grounds	We stayed at the Ashok as part of a tour. We found this Hotel good as part of the tour but for independant travellers would probably be too far out of town.No-where to eat but at the Hotel - evening meal was ok for one or two nights and we found the breakfast very good.Our room was quite nice but some rooms are probably a little noisy as this Hotel is on the main road. There was a kettle in the room.The pool area and grounds are very nice-not as posh as some of the Hotels in town but we found this place ok and would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Sep 16 2008 	Not worth paying	We booked our stay for only one night in this hotel. We reserved a pick up service and upon arrival at the airport, we didn't see any one so we called at the hotel. The hotel driver said he was there waiting for us but we told him that didn't see anyone so the driver was upset and complaint and try to have an argument with us. He push us to talk to the hotel just to tell the hotel that he didn't lie. How strange. The hotel looks quite old and the room we got was not very clean. For the price we paid, we could see at the beginning that it was way too expensive. The room was not very clean and look quite old. Even their towels are so old. For paying more than 200USD, it does not worth!Do not order anything from Room Service, half of the menu are not available and it took about an hour to deliver. We order one sandwich and one simply pakora which is very easy to made, they deliver the first one after half an hour and sandwich was delivered after another more than 30 mins and the taste was quite bad too. Breakfast was quite bad too and even the check out, staff keep asking us where we are going then other questions which they suppose to communicate but at the end, they keep asking the same thing until we left.Overall, we are quite disappointed for choosing this hotel, the price they charge is really too expensive than the service and the quality they offerred, TRULY.	
Sep 15 2008 	Convenient Hotel for Airport and a Great Escape	After a week in Inida experiencing the Rajasthan and Agra, this hotel was a very welcome rest away from the hustle and bustle prior to leaving Delhi.We turned up on spec and were presented with a good room at a reasonable rate (£63). The well manicured gardens and the relaxed bar and restaurant were just what we needed.The hotel arranged our airport drop off and wake up call for 3am very efficiently.In summary, a good place to stay if you're flying the next day or wish to get away from the crowds.	
Sep 7 2008 	enchanting lovely grounds	we arrived at this hotel on a kuoni golden triangle tour.upon initial impressions i was captivated by the gorgeous well kept gardens and the lovelly swimming pool.it is a tranquil retreat after say a day of the hustle and bustle of old dehli.please note if you drink wine the price is astronomical.staff friendly but we encoutered a problem when they tried to charge us for our transfer to the airport which was sorted through kuoni!!!!but you expect these tryu ons in india.food was good.i loved the omletts at breakfast.the rooms were very well decorated.so overall this is a lovely hotel with truly lovely gardens	
Aug 24 2008 	No Hot Water - Evasive Manager	We booked this hotel as it was near the airport and was supposedly a very high standard. We checked in at lunchtime and the manager greeted us an said &quot;any problems come and see me&quot;. They then charged the full amount of our stay on our credit card - very suspicious.There was no hot water in the room - asked at reception - told to wait a bit an it would be fixed. An hour later still no hot water - call manager who on arriving at our room tried to maintain the water was hot!!!! He then suggested a different room but again the water was cold. I eventually lost my temper and called another hotel (the Raddison to stay there). It then took me 30 minutes of very vocal complaining in reception to get my money back.On leaving the hotel the porter told me the boiler had ben giving trouble for several weeks. If a hotel has a problem I expect them to be honest with their guests.	
Jun 10 2008 	Convenient	Stayed here as part of the Kuoni Taj Tour. Although the hotel is on the outskirts of Delhi, it is a great escape from the city and after full dys of sightseeing it was great to be in such a calm place.The pool was nice and the grounds were really well kept. I can see why they chose this hotel for us. Due to the location the hotel is the main option for food, unless you get a taxi. However, the food here was good. We were generally pleased with this hotel.	
Apr 6 2008 	Convenient for the airport	Like the previous entry we stayed at the Ashok at the beginning and end of the Kuoni &quot;Taj Tour&quot;. It was conveniently situated for the airport but a longish taxi ride from downtown Dehli. The rooms were clean and comfortable although some of our group reported that their room smelt musty. The pool was pleasant and the staff were fine. The buffet breakfast had a mix of Western and Indian food and was satisfactory. We had no complaints about the hotel or staff and it was particularly convenient for the airport, only about 15 minutes away. However it was too far out from Dehli, we would have preferred to be closer. Also there wasn't any other restaurants nearby so we had to eat in the hotel. The dinner buffet wasn't really very good and it was relatively expensive for India.We got a taxi into Dehli two evenings and went to the sound and light show at the Fort which was enjoyable.I wouldn't particularly recommend this hotel but if it is part of your trip then it will be fine after all holidays are often what you make them. I certainly didn't find it as bad as some of the other reviewers have suggested. Happy to give further details if required.	
Apr 3 2008 	Handy for the airport	We stayed at the Ashok at the beginning and end of the Kuoni &quot;Taj Tour&quot;. It was conveniently situated for the airport but a longish taxi ride from downtown Dehli. The rooms were pleasantly decorated, clean and comfortable. The pool was lovely and very nice to sit beside with a cold beer. We enjoyed the buffet breakfasts which had a mix of Western and Indian food. We had no complaints about the hotel or staff and would recommend it as a useful stopping point going to or from the airport. We phoned for a radio cab to take us to the Sound and Light at the Red Fort (well worth seeing) and found this a convenient and not too expensive way of getting into town.	
Mar 25 2008 	Not a bad 'transit' hotel	Not bad as a transit hotel for 1 night but wouldn't stay any longer than that. Stuck out in the suburbs with nothing in the general vicinity. 10 mins from the airport.Must request a 'quiet' room as this hotel is located right next to a busy road, what is it with the locals and their need to blast their horn at every living thing they pass regardless of the time of night!Had a noisy room 1st stay and 9 days later had a quiet one - miles better. Decent size though aircon pretty forlorn and controls didn't seem to work. Clean and tidy.Breakfast and dinner buffet OK. Meagre supplies in the bathroom and shower never passed lukewarm on either stay. Plasma TV (didn' turn it on). Nice garden, pool looks OK, little shop is rubbish. Free safety deposit box on reception.Had to leave at 3.30am and got wake up call at 3.00am, found reception fully staffed but weren't offered tea/coffee until rep arrived and asked why.Popular transit hotel and I think rooms can be hired for 1/2 day/night. Guests coming and going at all hours and somewhat selfishly they make no attempt to avoid disturbing everyone else within a 5 room vicinity. Perhaps some QUIET PLEASE notices might be in order.I'd stay there again if I needed a stopover but not for a proper holiday - too far away from the centre of Delhi (45kms I think, in the rushhour traffic that distance takes forever).	
Mar 11 2008 	Avoid at all cost!	This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. I had booked the room several months prior to the stay and had email confirmation of the exact cost. When checking in they tried to charge us $50 more for the room until I showed them my email. Next, the bathroom had a strong smell of urine, the room smelled of mold and the air conditioner made the smell even worse. The mattress was about 2&quot; thick. I have had more comfort camping in a sleeping bag. This hotel may be convenient due to its close proximity to the Delhi international airport, but I recommend avoiding it at all cost. It is simply not worth it.	
Mar 2 2008	Stay only if your objective is proximity to the airport	The positives were the food in the restaurant (quite good) and the pretty grounds, including the pool and resident peahen. Somehow they managed to have green grass and trees in spite of the pollution.The negatives were the room and the dust inside. The public computer in the foyer was filthy with grime and dust. The pollution in the area near the hotel/airport is horrendous and it seems a losing battle at this hotel. Although I had been in India a week, the air quality really bothered me here and not elsewhere.The room was the bare essentials. It reminded me of Eastern Europe in the 80s.I had a lot of time to kill at this hotel before my flight and there really wasn't anything to do. The gift shop was not enticing. The hotel is not easily accessible to sights.	
Feb 23 2008	Nice quiet hotel not far from Delhi airport	This was the nicest of the 4 hotels we stayed in on our tour of India. It had a lovely pool area and a nice restaurant (it was upstairs and no lift but that was the only problem for one of our party who is less mobile). The owner of the hotel was in attendance and keen to speak to all the guests and made sure everything was up to standard.	
Feb 7 2008	an oasis in the culture shock thats delhi	this is a very nice hotel the rooms are clean and large it was cold so the staff put heaters in the rooms, the bathroom was a little old but clean all the same. the only problem was that they only put the hot water on at certain times of the day so its either cold or tepid showers overall a nice place	
Jan 25 2008	Ok for a quick stay but only OK	Stayed here on our first night in India on Voyages Jules Verne Golden Triangle tour. The hotel chosen, I suspect, because of its proximity to the airport. When we arrived, Delhi was very smoggy and that atmosphere pervaded the hotel. Our room smelt very smoky, but that could have been because of the terrible air in Dehli city. I couldn't help worrying about the athletes coming here for the Commonwealth Games, I hope they clean up their air quality before then! Anyway, back, back to the hotel - the room was adequate but beds really uncomfortable. The bathroom was OK and other facilities in the hotel were rather limited. There is a small bar and a small restaurant area. Breakfast had an interesting variety of foods. The cooked omlettes looked great and there were good yogarts, fruits and cakes. There was also an assortment of curry based dishes and other cooked things too. In short, this hotel is OK to use as a base but don't expect to really enjoy the ambiance. The motorrway is very close and somewhat noisy during the night but all in all, this hotel was a convenient stop-over en route to more exciting places.	
Jan 20 2008 	better then rest on airport	I stayed there because It was near the aiport where I arrived at midnight and had a flight leaving next day at eight.My first iimpression from the room, was quit good, exspected it worser for 7400 rupees. But the shower didn't work , bath did.And it was very noiscy , Its located near the highway and even in the middle of the night the noice was dusturbing.It was very near the airport. The hotel taxi was parked 10 minutes walk away and with paying the carpark it took 40 minutes before we arrived at the hotel. My flight was delayed, ended up staying for 3 hours.a good advise for whn you tay shortly, ask or you can nagociate the price.	
Jan 17 2008 	Fine brief stay	We had a very brief stay at the hotel, but it was fine. We arrived around ten in the evening and they had the correct rooms (twin beds, non-smoking) ready. Everything in the room worked fine. We left for an all day trip to Agra at 6:30am the next day and breakfast doesn't start until 7:00, but they let us have tea and toast before we left which was nice of them. We used the half day rate that day and it was great to come back from the long trip to Agra and shower and change before our flight to the US. The long problem we had was the car they sent to the airport to pick us up was designed for two people and little luggage. There were four of us and a lot of luggage! Instead of waiting for another vehicle my husband crammed it all in and we sat on each others laps. Fortunately, it is a ten minute ride to the hotel from the airport! I don't know whose mistake it was, but on the return journey we had a much larger vehicle.	
Jan 1 2008 	The worst hotel we stayed at in 3 weeks in India	On a recent trip to India we stayed at the Ashok Country Resort for our final night before flying home to the UK. During our 3 week trip to Inida we stayed in a variety of accommodation from 5 star hotels to simple hostels and this hotel was by far the worst place we stayed in. The service from the reception was nothing short of rude and the prices for drinks and food within the hotel were 5 star hotel prices, had this been a five star hotel with five star food it might have been reasonable! Whilst on the subject of prices this brings us to the outragious prices they charged for an airport transfer. Earlier in our trip in Delhi we were able to hire an air conditioned taxi for a whole day for the price this hotel charged for a 10 minute ride to the airport, knowing that being on a busy main road there is little to no chance of customers being able to get a taxi from elsewhere. Together with a dark and dismal room with terribly uncomfortable beds this was a very disappoining end to an otherwise fantastic trip to India!	
Nov 24 2007 	Good value stay in Delhi	We used the Ashok for a first night in India and were very satisfied. The pickup from the airport worked well and the hotel was comfortable and clean with a good pool where we got over any jet lag. It is not a 5*, but then you are not paying 5* prices, and it seems to be good value for Delhi.	
Nov 22 2007 	India that works	3 am is not a good time to arrive anywhere, for sure not India. The hotel provides an well signed, adequate and reliable transfer for IGI Airport to hotel, transfer time 15 mins. The rooms are big, clean and fairly comfortable. Feeding arrangements are good, but beware hordes of French groups on tour, and Kazak aircrews on layover. A good feature is the attractive garden with good swimming pool, plus a slightly under-standard gym.When you re-book, don't believe the Front Office staff when they say you are re-booked: get it in writing.A short stay helps us to prepare for the assault on the senses which India is about to bring.	
Nov 10 2007 	A welcome return to the 21st century after eight nights in heritage hotels	Privately owned and operated, this full service hotel is located between city and airport and caters to Indian businessmen and European tour groups. Upon arrival one can not help but be impressed by the beautiful marble floor and stair case of the two story lobby with its massive crystal chandelier. The owner's son sits on a desk in the lobby and is very accommodating, as is the staff. Our ground level, well lit, spacious room was very nicely furnished, and the king size bed with a comfortable, soft mattress, cushy sheets and pillows sported mirrored headboards. A desk, mini-bar, over stuffed chairs, glass top table, TV, phone, Wi-Fi Internet connection, quiet A/C, tea/coffee making pot and supplies,large closet, and Indian area rug made for a comfortable stay. The bathroom with floor to ceiling granite tiles was stocked with ample towels and a standard assortment of toiletries incl Kleenex. Sink and shower chrome fixtures bear witness of years of scrubbing. All was spotlessly clean, yet the grouting in the tub/wall joint was somewhat unsightly. A window onto a garden corner promised a quiet night, but that was not to be. Two European tour groups partied boisterously in two rooms with doors open near us until way past midnight while awaiting their transfer to the airport. Equally staff dealing with their luggage carried on loud conversations and did not be concerned with quietness, The marble floors made the long hallway into an echo chamber.A large, clean pool in the vast, manicured gardens invited for a cooling swim. A well stocked gym, gift shop, lobby lounge with giant screen TV, and the upstairs restaurant with a very pleasing ambiance rounded out the facility. Indian, Chinese, and Continental food was offered buffet style and a-la-carte, and it was very good, as was the breakfast.All in all, were it not for the racket during the night, I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Aug 7 2007 	ashok country resort	as hotel rates go in delhi,this is a real surprise,we paid £75.00 per room per night,and that included b/fast and airport pickup and drop.Hotel is in a quiet location near the airport,rooms are big and comfortable,staff are polite and nvery helpful,food is not bad either.swimming pool is clean and big in size,gardens are well kept.Only minus points are 1.no live entertainment,2.very basic shop 3.can get crowded,as this hotel is used by travel agencies,as a Delhi transit hotel.	
Jun 17 2007 	Excellent calm in the storm	We stayed here two nights in late March 2007. An excellent hotel! I worried at first, because we didn’t see the hotel’s driver at the Delhi airport anywhere in the crowd holding a sign with my name on it. When I took a second walk through the area, though, he was there, and helped us with our bags, led us to the hotel’s shiny new SUV, and drove us safely to the resort. The room was clean and spacious, and staff was helpful and polite. Breakfast buffet was good, and lunch was excellent in the resort’s restaurant. The well-maintained grounds, with lots of flowers (a treat for us, having come from a long Alaska winter), a pool, and benches, gave us the breathing space we needed after a long flight. The entire resort is fenced off and so it feels insulated from the hubbub and traffic. Its small shop sold high-quality souvenirs and clothing. They let us take the salwar tops back to our room to try them on. Checked my email in the lobby, bought bottled water to take with us on our next leg (8-hour drive to Nainital), and had them book us a room for our return through Delhi at another hotel (as Ashok Country Resort was booked)—Hotel Deemarks nearby. Their recommendation for that hotel turned out to be fine. I highly recommend Ashok Country Resort!	
Jun 3 2007	Clean 	Fairly quiet location just on the fringe of the city, stunning gardens with a clean pool &amp; loud peacock. I found the Reception staff to be aloof and not very welcoming esp. as we were there on the first night of our tour and had to rely on them to exchange to our first rupees. The room was fine with clean crisp bedding and a descent size, though the view was of a wall &amp; the window didn't quiet fit the frame but due to the nets and curtains we didn't have any flying visitors. As we also spent our last night in India there, so we enjoyed a banana split while we sat under the sun by the pool -highly recommend.	
Mar 13 2007	small but ok	Stayed here on 1st and 7th day of the Kuoni Taj Tour. It's mainly clean, everything worked in the bedroom, although we had a very noisy fridge !! The bathroom looked a bit tired and had a very mouldy shower curtain The bar area is very small and there is not much of a sitting area. The restaurant was fine and the food good for both dinner and breakfast.Nicest thing were the gardens with loads of flowers .Pool looked ok too.Reception staff not the most helpful I have ever come accross though!	
Jan 26 2007	Average hotel	When we arrived in Dehli we went straight to the hotel. The room was cold and the bed damp, we had to request an additional heater in our room! Breakfast the following morning was okay. The staff were helpful and polite. This is an average tourist hotel. Good value for money.	
Jan 12 2007	Good place to sleep after your flight	This is a good place to sleep after a long flight. The rooms were clean and quiet, bathroom clean and adequate. Good varied buffet breakfast. Lovely gardens, and the pool looked nice, though it was too cool to try it in December. Staff were pleasant and helpful. I wish I had been able to have a massage in their health centre, but they were booked solid.	
Dec 2 2006 	Nice overnight stay	After checking lots of reviews we decided to stay in the Ashok.The comment about the dew-smell is correct, but I think it is not only the rooms which cannot be opened and are only airconditioned, but also the smell outside was damp. There was a huge cloud over Delhi and no fresh air in the garden.The rooms are nice, the bathroom a little old. The people at the reception very polite and gave us our call to the airline free.The restaurant indeed advised to take the buffet at 563 rupees each, but also mentioned the separate dishes and their price. As far as I could count, this made the buffet a better price, and the food was really good.We didn't have breakfast, as our planes left very early. We were taken to the airport on time, and I forgot to mention, also were received at arrival. This shuttle-service was included in the price.Considering the need to stay only overnight between flights, I think this is a good place close to the airport.	
Nov 30 2006 	disappointing hotel	We stayed at the Ashok Country Resort for the first and last night of our Golden Triangle tour and again for a final night after our extention to Shimla. The room we had for the first night was OK the second stay was not so nice but had a better view over the garden. It also had information about the Beauty Shop..had we known about it the first day we could have had a massage as the hotel is very isolated and there is absolutely NOTHING in the vicinity..........we walked to the local village.... took 20 minutes not 5 as reception told us...BIG mistake.......The final night we paid a supplement for a &quot;Club&quot; room and it was the worst of the three.....It did have a big plasma screen which only had one English language channel........we had only 1 tea bag and 1 sachet of coffee....the bathroom was grubby...the toilet very noisy and the strange smell was there too.The food in the restaurant is mediocre during the day and in the evening but the buffet breakfast is not too bad. Because of it's location there is no choice but to eat there.The only good thing about it is the proximity to the airport. ..	
Nov 16 2006 	disappointing	This was the most disappointing hotel we stayed in in India . The room was not cleaned properly , smelt a bit damp , no information in room about hotel facilities , poor outlook onto courtyard , no hairdryer in the room , chipped paintwork and rather dreary breakfast , only redeeming features were friendly staff , nice grounds and near the airport, suggest try elsewhere , the Radisson is also near the airport and far superior .	
Oct 26 2006 	Nice room terrible restuarant!	Room was lovely, with a large screen plasma! Very clean. Far too expensive for what it was (I paid £76). The grounds are very nice but the buffet restuarant is terrible! The chicken I had was hardly cooked and they didn't really seem to care. Good for the airport and the atmosphere feels very relaxed.	
Sep 14 2006 	A true Oasis!	This hotel is a top quality hotel! The representative picked us up from the hotel with a placard, carried in our luggage, and gave us a warm welcome. The rooms are modern and beautifully decorated. The pool is large and refreshing in the midst of hot Dehli. The restaurant is delicious (a delicious indian breakfast buffet is included) and there is a nice lounge area open 24 hours if you need some masala chai or a beer late at night. The internet access is fast but only one computer is available for guests. So, you may have to wait for a turn. The hotel staff were all very friendly and they even agreed to hold one of our bags for us while we did our golden triangle tour. Finally the proximity to the airport makes it an easy place to stay at the beginning and end of your journey. The only downside is the distance to the city - it is about 45 - 60 minutes and costs about $25 by taxi. So, it may not be the best place to stay for your entire journey if you plan to go in and out of Dehli everyday. Enjoy!	
Jul 26 2006 	Ok but not for a second time	We (family, two children of 15 and 18) stayed twice in this hotel; one night at arrival from the airport and flying the other day and a second time two nights to see Delhi before we left India to go home. The hotel is comfortable near the both airports, nice when you arrive in the middle of the night and need sleep. What you see in brochures and on internet, you also see in reality. It is a green surrounding with lovely green lawns and palm trees. The rooms have a good size; on the bathrooms you see the complex is older, but we have no complaints about it.The restaurant is moderate. The first time the breakfast was very poor, because there were hardly any guests. The second time, when there were some groups, it was sufficient. When having dinner, you are offered the buffet. You have to ask to eat à la carte. It looks like the policy of the hotel is to promote the buffet! Although it looks like we enjoyed the stay in this hotel, I wouldn't recommend it. You get what you see in the brochures, but what I didn't like was what you smell and feel in the hotel and in your room. When you enter the hotel and your room it smells odd. It smells like water that has been kept in a bottle for too long. Uncomfortable is, that the bedding is humid. When I was lying in my bed, it felt like the staff had forgotten to tumbledry the sheets. I have complained about it by housekeeping. Although they paid attention to it and renewed the bedding, the next evening I had the same problem. It would be a good suggestion the staff dried the rooms if it is dry season in Delhi or check the airconditioningsystem. Normaly with airconditioning the complaint is that the air is to dry instead of too wet.Marcel Braakman, The Netherlands	
May 13 2006	Nice hotel	Stayed here for one night only as it's convenient fot the airport and we were flying home next day. No complaints - helpful staff, comfortable room and good food. The gardens are lovely and there's a decent pool. The man on reception rang through to an Indian friend's mobile for us and refused to accept money for the call. These little things help.	
May 8 2006	Overpriced	Fairly decent 3 star airport hotel. Seemed filled with tour groups. Rooms were good sized but had a distinctly mildew smell you noticed the second inside the door. Our room certainly could do with some fixing up and it looks like maintenance is not high on the hotel’s list of priorities.Wouldn’t want to spend too many days at this hotel but for a transit airport hotel it does the job and would fill the niche of a 3 star airport hotel if only they would lower the room price by about a third. And on that note, they also tried to overcharge us for the room until we showed them their email including the price.	
Apr 17 2006	No real complaints	Stayed here twice for one night in different rooms during a tour with Kuoni. Overall the hotel is quite acceptable for a short stay, and it's only approx 20 minutes from the airport. The rooms were fairly well appointed for a 'medium' class hotel, the AC worked well, though the beds were very firm (we later found out that this is normal in Indian hotels). The restaurant served a buffet in the evening but there is a separate menu that the staff maybe weren't keen for us to see but is there if you ask for it. Thought the buffet was OK think it cost about 650 rp (approx £9) per head but you could eat as much as you liked and was a three course affair. On our second night my partner had 'Delhi belly' though the rest of us seemed OK. We think it could've been either the trifle or the custard served as one of the desserts. There's also a pool in the well maintained gardens if you need to chill. I think the other reviews I've read seem a little harsh and may be due to particular gripes but we didn't have any (apart from the 'Delhi belly' which affected at least some of the group at the various hotels we stayed at) so we feel it deserves a little more positive feedback. Would stay there again but only thing to bear in mind is that it's an hour by taxi to central Delhi but if, like us, your on a tour with prebooked hotels on you itinerary, then there isn't much you can do about that.	
Feb 10 2006 	Not up to mark	I selected this hotel because it was close to the airport and also price point is good. However the level of services is not up to mark. There is no in room internet access. The gym is ok but opens late at 8am only. All else is ok. Not a suitable hotel for long business trips.	
Dec 17 2005 	Disappointing	I stayed for one day, and was thoroughly disappointed with what I got. The food in the restaurant was tasteless, the refrigerator in the room not working, room service willing, but incapable due to lack of experience. The surcharge on long distance calls as charged by them could not be justified on any account. Disappointing, to say the least.	
Mar 17 2005	Worst hotel we stayed in	This is one of the worst hotels we stayed at during our time in India. The check-in and restaurant staff were rude, the restaurant was very poor, the carpets were stained, the rooms smelt, the sink was broken, bathroom dirty, the price was expensive compared with other hotels. Even for a quick overnight stay, it spoilt what was a superb time in India. We could not escpae since it is remote. Value for money was also poor since it was not even cheap.For a Gov. run hotel, it needs to get its act together.	
Nov 3 2009	proche de l'aéroport mais loin de tout le reste		
Sep 20 2009 	3??		
Jun 8 2009	????????????		
Feb 12 2009 	De moins en moins bien		
Nov 20 2007 	Très mauvais rapport-qualité-prix		
