Nov 12 2009 	Horrible	Just stayed for one night. Looks very run down from the outside...a lot different from the online photos.The greeting room/ entrance is fairly nice. Dont be lulled into a false sense of security though. The rooms are dirty and beds uncomfortable. Bathrooms old and dirty with no hot water (even when asked specifically if we wanted hot water we did not get any).Staff unhelful and annoyingly pestering for tips despite not even helping.Didnt eat breakfast there...didnt dare.	
Sep 22 2009 	Choose rm# 409 or 410 Karol Bagh...	This is a good hotel for a max. 3 nite stay, anything more and you don't want to be located in Karol Bagh. Rooms #409 &amp; #410 are the only renovated rooms in this hotel. Located on the same floor as the restaurant. Nice breakfast but horrible dinners. I wouldn't suggest ordering anything, walk around the corner and get a veggie burger at McDonalds. Karol Bagh is really busy - I suggest not staying in this area if at all possible. The only food options are McDonalds and the Indian sweet shop - Bikanervala. Book on makemytrip.com for best pricing.	
Jun 12 2009 	Warning about Crest Inn's Bus Tour to Agra/Taj Mahal	I just wanted to let people know that you need to be very careful about bus tours to Agra. I took the bus tour that departs from the Crest Inn. I thought it would be a safe bet because the Crest Inn website has a page devoted to the bus tour so it seemed relatively professional and structured for tourists. Not so. It was the off season so I was the only non-Indian, english-speaker on the bus. The driver was curt and didn't understand my questions and attempted to leave without me after breakfast. He was only stopped from doing so because they got a flat tire just a couple hundred feet down the road. I'd like to think this wasn't intentional, but I feel it's pretty tough not to notice that the one white person is not onboard. Then, when we came to the first stop in agra (the Red Fort), I split off from the group because they aggressively encouraged me to take a different guide that speaks all English, promising me that we'd all meet at the bus out front. But when we had finished our tour, my bus was nowhere to be found. Luckily there are infinite transportation-for-hire options in India so I was able to make it to the Taj Mahal and home again using alternate transportation. But the trip is a long, hot, stressful one as it is so I'd advise anyone considering a bus tour to consider alternate options or else make very good friends with the driver.	
Mar 20 2009 	Everything is New	The Crest Inn hotel is not located in the best part of Delhi, but to their credit, once you are inside everything is brand spanking new. Our hotel room even still had its furniture in a semi-wrapped state! This is one of the cleanest places you will find in Delhi, it was the only place where the bedsheets and towels did not need to be changed out the minute we entered the room. We also loved the way the room was set-up, especially the presence of a large double bed. Two downsides remain with this inn--the shower area in the bathroom is not segregated so be prepared to have a very wet bathroom floor after you've taken a shower! Secondly, the hotel restaurant is not much for food, so be prepared to head out for all your meals.	
Mar 30 2008 	Terrible rooms	I recently stayed at this hotel with my family. The hotel is very old. Even though the rooms have had a recent make-over, i would advise you to stay away from this place. The bathrooms have bath tubs which leak and the toilets do not flush properly. Breakfast is served in an untidy small room and is often not prepared preoperly. The staff were very pleasant however and tried to make our stay comfortable. Please avoid this hotel	
Feb 5 2008 	trashy hotel	Bad-tempered and dishonest people We booked the hotel through a travel agent but when we came (1AM) they told us that they hadn't any booking ; we were forced to look for an other hotel (first night in India...) in the late night... we found it thanks to the taxi driver.The last day we came to settle the problem but they just told us that it was a mistake &amp; didn't want to pay us back ...	
Jul 17 2007 	Good value for the price	We were staying in New Delhi for 3 weeks and wanted to minimize our expenses, especially since we believed that we would also be using room service alot. The hotel was booked by a travel agent and the 2 star rating was lower than we had talked about. The room we had, had not been remodeled yet, however, I thought that with a few repairs and detailing the room would justify a higher rating. We felt that the room was cleaner than we expected. We didn't see any bugs or big problems. During the day we could here alot of remodeling going on in other rooms in the hotel. The hum of the air conditioner pretty much drown out the road noise, it kept the room plenty cool. Room service was good. The menu was pretty good and the food reasonable priced for room service. Chowmein and a order of spring rolls was less than $5 US and seemed to be plenty to eat for the 2 of us. The staff seemed friendly and helpful. We usually tipped 10 %, but some of the staffed seem surprized. The area looked scarey, but we never felt in danger wandering down the streets. I would recommend this hotel for a budget traveler.	
Apr 9 2007 	What a dump	Stayed at this Hotel !! on the 31 March, for one night, because my agent E- Holidays couldn't get me into the Broadway, (which is a great little Hotel). It's web site makes it sound like the Ritz! What a shock when I arrived. Reception staff not very friendly, workmen on the stairs painting and repairing the lift. The room was dirty ,the bathroom was falling apart, (and this was in one of the suites !!) The dining room was just as bad. Don't go near the place!.  Pete Thompson  Melton Mowbray, England	
Jan 10 2007	Avoid unless you want a sleepness night!	Travel agent said was one of the 'better' hotels in Karol Bagh! I would avoid and go to the Hotel Swati down the road!Room: Very noisy from street noise, plumbing etcShower: Poorly maintainedService: OKRestuarant: Dull, dimly light, ok food/menuBreakfast: Standard fayre	
