Nov 26 2009 	just a small lodge not a 3 star hotel	The rooms were dull and not clean (a thick layer of dust covered mostof the furniture); the bathroom consisted of a shower, an overflowingtoilet and a bucket; the ceiling was covered with small flies; thehotel was noisy (children running around and constant unidentifieddripping in each room during the whole night); and the breakfastcutlery was not clean.	
Nov 23 2009 	In Delhi you often get less than what you pay for and at this hotel .... much less	I had a 26 hour layover in Delhi, ugh, and I wanted a hotel that was clean, with Wi/Fi where I could crash for the night. This hotel has wi/fi but it is not what the photos portray. The photos that the hotel uses for promotion totally fail to capture what you get at this hotel. Go to Tripadvisor for photos of those who actually stayed here. This hotel is very old and run down. In the room the ceiling fan is too loud to run and to turn off the lamp next to the bed you have to unscrew the bulb. There are stains on the sheets which show that cleanliness is not part of this manager's mentality. The fuzzy TV works but the remote doesn't .... I hope you are getting the picture. The words that come to mind are: grimy, tacky and overpriced for what you get. Finally, outside, where the hotel is located, is blighted, noisy and remote.  Conclusion... there has to be better property's for just a night than this.	
Nov 21 2009 	Really enjoyed	i been to this hotel in this month only, and find it worth it for money, check-in take just 3-4min to get our rooms, housekeeping manager is really helpful, all the staff members are really nice n helping . even there travel desk is very helpful for us.Awesome nad enjoyable trip!!!! gr8t memories	
Nov 21 2009 	Average	The hotel is located in a very busy, noisy and rowdy area. For those who love shopping, it is ideal. However, the staff are curteous and always at one's service. The rooms are neat, the food is satisfactory. The Tour company Abyss Tours lived up to expectation. On my next trip, God willing, even if i don't stay in the hotel, i will still employ the services of Abyss Tours.	
Nov 21 2009 	Very Clean Comfortable and Firendly	The hotel is well positioned, the staff are very friendly and fell over themselves to organise trips for us.Rafiq Khan who operates through the hotel for Indian Tribal Tours arranged for us to have a driver for the say to enable us to see all the sights in the safe knowledge of having a car waiting for us.Lovely friendly people and I owuld recommend both the hotel and people higlhly to all.	
Nov 19 2009 	not recommended	The air con make so much noise that you can’t even get a nap for 5minutes not recommended. Room is ok but all fixtures are old.	
Nov 16 2009 	DO NOT COME HERE “OVERPRICED” FOR ITS QUALITY	A normal hotel which is on the road with lot of traffic noise allnight. They took $70 from me which is overpriced for the service andthe kind of room which was given to me. Why I am saying this becausewhen I went to a nearby hotel(this area is full of hotels). I got amuch better quality and service at 40$ had they given me good andclean towel (they took 30 minutes give me dirty towels) probably Iwould have not checked out and came to know the difference.	
Nov 12 2009 	Excellent budget hotel in Delhi	The hotel arranged to meet &amp; collect us from New Delhi Railway station at 6.30am, and we were transferred efficiently to the hotel. Check in was friendly &amp; efficient &amp; we got a free upgrade. The room was spacious enough, everything worked fine &amp; the included breakfast was very good. I would highly recomment this place for anyone passing through Delhi.	
Nov 10 2009 	Not Worth It	This hotel is in a very busy are. There are many hotels nearly. Therecharges are higher and services are not at all good. We checked out ofthe hotel next morning and the reception took 30 minutes to check usout. The bill was not ready and excuse was that there is someconfusion. If I had a flight to catch, I would have missed it.	
Nov 9 2009 	Open lobby...	This hotel has its reception area open to a very undesirable tour operator (who walks about the hotel giving the impression he is a hotel employee) who attempts to sell you a golden triangle tour for a very high price. Of greater concern is the fact this man somehow manged to find what room we where in, and infact made an internal telephone call to our room to attempt to arrange to meet us to sell his tour services. I wonder if the hotel is taking a commission for this? He was present in the hotel lobby bothering the tourists on all 3 days we where there. His office is around the corner from the hotel, and he will attempt to take you there to do a hard sell. Despite this negative first impression, the food was great as was its price, service could be better. Hotel pick up was relaible. Front of house staff attentive, but aloof at times. Air conditioning was not working in our room and it took over 2 hrs to relocate us. The drains are very smelly and the room had a musty smell to it . Generally clean and well presented. No window in either room so no natural light.	
Nov 9 2009 	Decent Hotel Good Location	This hotel was just fine. Its a little pricey but then so are all hotels in Delhi. We arrived having booked in advance and check in was very smooth. In the first room given the toilet leaked so we asked to move. This was not a problem as other rooms were available. The second room was just fine. Rooms are on the dark side but they are clean and comfortable with satelite TV, Air Con and a Fan. Also we had a fridge which is always nice in such hot tempretures. Hot water only worked in the morning. I like the neighborhood of Karol Bagh. Its in a local Indian Market for Sarees mostly so its interesting to walk around and you dont get hassled too much (comparatively). I always felt safe here. The metro is a 10 minute walk if you want to get around independantly. Also there is always a AutoRickshaw Driver to hand to haggle with. You are close enough to all the attractions by these transports. I would recommend this hotel.	
Nov 3 2009 	A lotus in a market and traffic pond	As i am aregular visiter to delhi due to metro project, this time i made the booking through web and finaly landed to clark which is located in a busy street, But was realy surperised once we enter, it was really cutting you from outer busy environment to clean atmosphere where you can easily relax in clean rooms, staff was realy helpful, free breakfast and free pick up from airport is really a big advantage, will visit again in november, thanks to there hospitality.	
Oct 30 2009 	liasoning with wrong people	Me my wife stayed here for a good 3 days good. Rooms were not that bad but not that good too. Breakfast was average. High price for hotel like this, they have arrangement with bad travel agents and they took almost more than double price for a tour to agra, jaipur. We know from our friends who did same tour in quiet fewer prices, car and hotel were same. Rippled off.	
Oct 19 2009 	More than you Expect	Our travel agent booked this hotel for 1 night but we arrived very late at night there and ended up to book 1 more night directly at the front desk who were very polite,gentle and helpfull always...Next day mor ning after our breakfast we were planning to get around the city but had no idea what to do in an unfamilliar place at the same time Mr.Chokerborthy introduced us with a man in the lobby named Mr.Zargar who arranged some part of our trip around Rajasthan for 10 days &amp; got to see alot more in such a short time.The service is ok &amp; most of the time we had our meals on the rooftop restaurant with quality dishes.Breakfast in the morning could be better with some other choices but no complaint at all we got what we asked for.I recommend this hotel for any travler bcoz they do care for others no matter how old you are.	
Oct 12 2009 	Friendly clean and safe	Airport pick was very helpful. Little expansive but Delhi's hotels are expansive compare to other cities. Use travel sites to get good deal.	
Sep 24 2009 	Excellent Oasis in the heart of the New Delhi'	We had previously experienced a great rooftop meal here- and decided that we would stay here on this trip to Delhi. We weren't disappointed! We got a very good deal/rate through Expedia to spend a week at this great hotel. The rooms were small but well presented and exceptionally clean- complete with comfortable bed, wifi and complimentary toiletries. The rooftop restaurant served excellent breakfasts (recommended the on-demand omelettes and coffee) and no fuss late evening meals/refreshments were delicious.All staff were attentive and helpful- any small niggles were dealt with efficiently with a smile.The hotel is situated right in the heart of the Karol Bagh district of New Delhi- a fantastic place to get a feel for real street life. With a large local market at the end of the street and the superb Suruchis (thali) restaurant only two streets way we were never stuck for places to discover by foot.Highly recommended. We will be back.	
Sep 23 2009 	Wonderful Stay	I booked an executive room in this hotel for a one night stay, which included an airport pickup. First i was bit worried about the airport pickup but was glad to see a car to pick me up at the airport, however had to pay the driver extra to turn on the AC. The room was clean (though small in size) including the linen. The staff were friendly and all queries were looked ater. Will definately recommend this hotel to anyone who wishes to stay.And yes the bed is amazing!	
Sep 10 2009 	good and clean	i stay 3 nights and person of the hotel was very nice , and the rooms are very clean , food good too... The travel desk of the hotel very helpful &amp; friendly Mr. Rafiq &amp; Mr. Haroon.	
Aug 29 2009 	Really helpful staff and central location	The staff at the front desk were really helpful and gave great directions to the various places I wanted to go to. The room while not large was still well kept. I was also pleasantly surprised by the open rooftop breakfast area/restaurant. I got to Delhi by myself and the hotel provided a free pickup at the airport and I felt pretty comfortable in and around the area as a single female traveller and was only later joined by my friend.	
Aug 27 2009 	The smells noise and heat of Delhi with the bliss and escapism of the hotel.	Fab hotel - possibly a bit pricier than some in Delhi - £30 a night, but a lap of luxury when off the plane, and trying to find your feet. Very comfortable, great food, but mostly, excellent service and friendly!	
Aug 27 2009 	Nice Hotel; Grotty area	My wife and I stayed here for 2 nights in August 2009 and were pretty pleased overall. The hotel is lovely inside, the room was spacious, the A/C worked, the restaurant was pleasant and the staff were more than helpful. The bathroom was somewhat grubby but that is a recurrent problem throughout India.The only thing that lets the hotel down is its location. Karol Bagh isn't a clean, Westernised area like the areas that house some of the 5 star hotels; it's dirty and congested and there's a good chance of stepping in something unpleasant as you leave the hotel.The nearest Metro station is only 5 minutes walk away though and it's only a couple of stops to Connaught Place	
Aug 14 2009 	Great value hotel lovely rooms - peace in the mayhem of Delhi!	This is great little hotel which has great value. Breakfast is included in the price and is very good. We had food in the restaurant one evening and despite being the only ones there, the food was very good! The rooms were really comfortable and clean.We booked to stay there again at the very end of our trip and we got the most gorgeous room with a bath and fabulous shower. Loved this hotel - location is not the best but would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 23 2009 	Top value in a good location	We are sat in the foyer as I write this review. We are only staying for two nights and booked on the basis of Trip Advisor reviews. It represents excellent value at around 20 pounds per night. The room isn't quite as spacious as the photos suggest and are well used. The room is clean and the aircon works (a must in Delhi in July). If you are used to 3 star European hotels you may be a little disappointed with the first impression, but things are different in India!The staff are numerous and very helpful. The restaurant is very good. As the previous reviewer points out, the breakfast is a little strange but they make a good omelette. For dinner we had an excellent mixed tandoori for two, which with lashings of (very strong) beer came to around 6 pounds each. The best curry sauce I've ever had!The district is lively, with miles of streets with small shops and street vendors. It's noisy all day as all drivers seem to beep constantly. Be prepared to have to haggle for just about everything! It's assumed (I think) that tourists are very wealthy and will pay anything!In summary - this hotel provides an excellent base for exploring Delhi.	
Jul 22 2009 	Would recommend for the price	Stayed at the hotel with wife and 3 year old and got a king size bed as asked for. Room was a decent size and quality was ok without being extraordinary. Had breakfast at the hotel and the choice was a bit of a let down, had spicy noodles and pasta amongst eggs and toast! But for the price we paid you couldnt complain. The area around the hotel is very noisy and if your a light sleeper like me then that will be a problem, my wife though was fine. The upside of this is that there is a good market at night in the area for some shopping. For food we ate at Pizza Hut round the corner but beware of taxi drivers in the area as when we asked for directions he said its 5 miles away and a 100 ruppee ride. We happily declined. In short you could pay a lot more in Delhi for not much more.	
Jun 27 2009 	not great but good	We booked our stay at Hotel Clark International before we left home which turned out to be smart because we met other guests who said that they booked by going to the hotel once in Delhi and they were charged double what we paid. Overall, my b-f and I had a good stay here. We got free pick-up from the airport and the hotel was in a good location, but the drawbacks were that there was construction happening on the rooftop which woke us up in the a.m., they tried to charge us for items n the fridge we didn't drink, and phone calls were pricey. One of the major pitfalls against this place was that the staff wasn't all that helpful. When we asked if they had a map of the area we could have, we were told to follow a man in the lobby who would get us one. We were then taken to a travel agency who tried to talk us into booking tours to Agra and sight seeing around Delhi. They also charged way more for a lift to the airport than a taxi actually cost. Our room was spacious and clean (although the washroom was a little dingy and the TV was broken). The bed was comfortable and the AC worked. The breakfast that was included was ok.	
May 12 2009 	Excellent Choice	We were a bit concerned over the mixed reviews, especially of those who booked their rooms via Expedia and subsequent problems they encountered. The Expedia rate is almost 1/2 the price of the published rack rates, so it was hard to resist!We booked (and prepaid) via Expedia a premium room. Our international flight was due to arrive at 12:30AM but was over an hour late. I had reconfirmed our flight arrival details with the hotel along with our room reservations about a week before we were due to arrived.We were very pleased (and grateful!) that the hotel &quot;boy&quot; was smiling and waiting for us at the airport and whisked us away to the hotel. Check-in was a snap, with only a quick stop at the front desk so they could photocopy our passport info then off to the room.We could not be have been more pleasantly surprised. The bed was awesomely comfortable, the room, (on the 3rd floor) was clean, neat and modern. Plenty of hot water. The tiny window provided no view, but hey, who comes to Delhi for the view?Breakfast was included in the rate) and was satisfactory. We also ate dinner there the first night and it was very good. Watch out for the high alcholic content of the Kingfisher beer however! It is a real kick in the pants:) It's not in the polished area in Delhi, but an interesting neighborhood with a colorful market. It's only a couple blocks from the metro. The autorickshaw drivers in the area were a bit annoying but that's Delhi.You will need earplugs. I think earplugs were invented specifically for India. Between the barking dogs and honking of horns, it's a wonder anyone gets any sleep!If you look for an good value hotel in Delhi, and don't want to spend over $100.00 a night, this is an excellent choice. The staff was polite and helpful, but not effusive. We would definitely recommend this hotel and would return here.	
May 9 2009 	Value for money	I booked the Hotel for a stopover before my international flight. I was coming from Goa and got the Hotel details here in this site. After deciding to go for it , I got a reservation through hotels.co.in for a Premium Room+Airport Pickup+Internet for US$36. That was pretty good I think . I although my flight from Goa was delay the boy from the Hotel was there waiting me and took me safely to the city. The place is busy, but the hotel seemed nice at first. After I checked in, the boy took me to my room and as soon as he opened the door I noticed it was a standard room. Immediatly upon calling the reception and explaining that my booking was for a premium room the moved me. The room was nice and clean, but the bathroom although clean was a bit run down. The food at the restaurant was ok and the breakfast, although simple, was ok too. They charged me INR$600 to take me to the airport the next day.Anyway, it was all right ... and the price was ok, so I think I can recommend the Hotel.	
May 7 2009 	Centrally located	Gud option if you are travelling on a tight budget	
May 6 2009 	A welcome sight after travelling!	We booked our stay her for the first few nights in Delhi and then wandered around looking at some of the other hotels in the loney planet but nothing was a patch on this one so we ended up returning two more times! The staff were always welcoming and there was a real sense of safety. We booked through Expedia and then directly through the hotel for the other two stays. Expedia was half the price of the published price but the hotel happily gave us the same rate for our other stays. The rooms were clean with LCD TV and really comfortably pillows! (The rooms on the 3rd floow seemed a little more modern than those on the 2nd) There were no windows in the cheaper rooms. Breakfast is served in the rooftop restaurant and is included in the price. The hotel is situated in a busy shopping area with coffee shops, Pizza Hut and McDonalds nearby (just in case u get a case of Delhi Belly as we did!) There are also loads of other local choices. When booking travel use the agent across the road from the hotel, he really looked after us and was nearly half the price of the guy hanging around the hotel lobby! There's an internet cafe nearby so everything you need! Easy to catch a rickshaw a travel around. Would definitely recommend!	
Apr 21 2009 	So-So	I had a few occasions to stay at the hotel once in sept 2008 and once more in nov 2008. There are a few things that i liked about the hotel and few that probably, in my opinion was a little bit of a let down. The things i really liked : room ambience, room cleanliness, hospitable staff, top floor open air restaurant, proximity to market place and metro station, food(taste). the let downs: room service - sometimes took ages, food was little spicy,lack of variety in food choices, AC- almost non functional, room size, tv(still CRT) in some rooms. I noticed the lack of variety in food since i was staying for a longer period of time being on a business trip..for ppl staying overnight or just for a day or two, it might not be bad at all. I could see lot of foreign tourists stayin there...If someone is looking for a decent acco in karolbagh area , would recommend to try this one.	
Apr 3 2009 	Great modern and low cost with exceptional service	My sister and I staye dat this hotel for a business purpose. The staff were amazingly friendly and very personable. They assisted us in all aspects of our business helping us with leads, the hotel stay and anything we needed. We were two single women in Delih so they were very helpful and assisted us in travel.In addition they have free WiFi and a conference room where we were abl eto use it all day for interviewing stayy. They never questioned the time in the conf room and were very helpful.the rooms were clean, very modern, on the small side, but perfect. Being british travellers, we are always cautious in travelling to India and yet this was a good cost hotel with great cleanliness and quality.The restaurant has a great breakfast incl, but closes early at night. Theed in a great spot right close to the Coroba market. We had also forgot one of our suitecases at the hotel and they immediately sent a driver with it to the airport - we did not have to worry about loss or theft! A hard find in India!	
Apr 3 2009 	A Home away from Home-Will Stay Again.	During my recent trip to India, I &amp; my husband stayed at Hotel Clark International at the at the beginning, middle and end of our trip at New Delhi. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Hotel especially because of the very friendly, accomodating &amp; warm behaviour of the Hotel Staff. I had choosen this Hotel based on all the online reviews, good, bad &amp; ugly, and had decided to find out more on my own, and I can say I am very happy that I selected this Hotel. I was especially happy because of the in -room Safe, the mini bar &amp; the Complimentry Tea/Coffee, Breakfast, &amp; airport pick ups &amp; drop of. The Room &amp; the Bath were very good and modern The Hotel restaurant on the fifth floor - roof top is excellent. The food is particularly good.I was specially surprized &amp; touched to find out that on my Birthday, the cake which my husband ordered was delivered complimentry from the Hotel &amp; the food that the restaurant catered was loved, appreciated &amp; savored very much by my gathered friends &amp; family. I should also mention that -there is also a Travel service available at the Hotel Lobby, &amp; also help with Money Changers.I extend my thanks to Mr. Rajesh Patyal, &amp; Mr. Chakraverty at the front desk, Mr. Thakur, &amp; Mr. Ram Singh, Mr. Prem, and the rest of the staff for taking such good care of us. I also like to mention Mr. Haroon of the Travel Agency &amp; his associate Mr. Rafiq Khanwho have been very helpful in setting up our comfortable site seeing trip from Delhi to Puri and back. I and my Husband really enjoyed our stay in this Hotel. I and my husband are going to be the guest again at Hotel Clark International for sure and I whole heartedly recommend to anybody &amp; everybody who wants to stay at Budget Hotel with all the aminities of a Pricy Hotel surrounded by friendly Staff to come and stay here, they will not regret it. I particularly loved it ...It was my home away from home during this visit, looking forth to coming soon...Mrs. Bhattacharyyaapr1_63@hotmail.comNew York	
Feb 27 2009	Good location ok hotel	My wife and I spent three nights im the Clark International in February 2009. The hotel failed to pick us up at the airport when we arrived at 6.15 AM, but claimed that the hotel boy had been there and that we just hadent spotted him. Might well be, but our theory is that he was there to late as we were out of the airport allready 20 minutes after the plane arrived.No problems though with a pre-paid taxi from the airport to the hotel, were we arrived arround 7:30. The reception fixed a room to us and we could sleep for a couple of hours before starting off for the city. The room was on the 3rd floor and held a lower standard than what we had expected. Later in the day - after complaining - we got another room (on the 2nd floor) which was more spacy and modern. Both rooms were clean and free of any kind of bugs.The Clark International is located in the Karol Bagh area which is quite convinient as it is close to the new and rather impressing metro. The metro will be increasingly important in Delhi. Karol Bagh also hosts a street market which is quite charming. The market starts just a block or two away from the hotel entrance.Karol Bagh is a busy area with a lot of small shops, some hotels and the streets are crammed with cars, rickshaws, cows and street vendors. Quite as it should be in a Delhi neighbourhood. The hotel was definately the most expensive we stayed in during our 16-day India tour. Delhi has a lot of very expensive 5 star hotels, and its not easy to find good options in the 3 star segment. Clark International turned out to be a good one. The only negative thing we can come up with is that there is some noise from the streets and the surroundings. (This by the way occurs to all the hotels we stayed in in India). When we were there demolition works were going on in a building near by and that created a lot of noise starting quite early in the morning.	
Feb 17 2009 	Put us into a	I booked the Hotel Clark International directly via their website.. The hotel requested my credit card information for a confirmed reservation. When we arrived in Delhi from the airport at 1:30 am we were told the hotel did not have a room for us, the hotel was fully booked. They never mentioned this to us when we called from the airport for our transfer.They said they would put us up into a &quot;sister &quot;hotel down the road. The Hotel Surya was awful... We were so tired from the flight and it was in the middle of the night we just slept in the room in our sleep sacks.Thankfully I had the insight to buy them. The next morning as we were flying to Varanasi my wrist started itching and I noticed I had small red marks, bed bug bites. I booked the Hotel Clark International so our first night of our 21 day trip to India would have a smooth start. it was anything but that..I was charged the same quoted rate even though we stayed in an inferior hotel, something I would never had booked. I could not recommend them due to this poor customer service. I felt I had been ripped off with their bait and switch..	
Jan 25 2009 	Satisfactory Hotel if a little over priced	We spent 5 nights in total over 2 different periods at the hotel. We stayed in an Executive room though we were upgraded free of charge to a Premium room for one night.We paid £86 per night for the Executive room. This includes airport pick up, breakfast and complimentary wi-fi. I think this is slightly expensive though hotels in Delhi do appear to be expensive.The room was of reasonable size and very clean. It had a TV, a mini-bar (the contents of which were expensive) and tea and coffee making facilities.The bathroom was clean. My only criticism of it would be that in the Premium Room the shower wasn't in a separate cubicle which meant the bathroom floor got very wet everytime we had a shower.Breakfast was buffet style. It included cooked food of different types each day, cereal, toast, juice and tea and coffee. We also tried the restaurant one night and one afternoon. There was a good selection of food on the menu and it was very reasonably priced. Indeed the food itself was very nice. Mind you the waiter isn't very friendly unlike the other staff in the hotel!!The Hotel is situated in the Karol Bagh area and indeed is less than a 10 minute walk to the Karol Bagh metro station which is convenient for getting around the city. When walking to the metro station you pass through a very colourful market which is present on certain days.Unfortunately there was a lot of street noise at night whether it be vehicles or dogs barking. The noise was particularly noticeable in the executive room which was on the first floor (the premium room was on the 4th floor and was a bit quieter). However I would imagine street noise would be a problem in many hotels in the city.The area around the hotel is slightly rough. One thing which I didn't like was the hassle we got from touts the minute we stepped out of the hotel. However this was a problem no matter where we went in the city as was begging.The hotel appear to work with a nieghbouring travel / tour company. The staff from this company appear to sit in the reception area and wait for guests. On my first morning in the hotel the minute I got out of the lift I was approached by such a person who gave me the whole selling routine. This person was very persistent to the extent he was travelling up and down in the lift clearly looking for us. In saying that we did book a guide for Agra through the company as well as a pick up and drop off to the train station. The guide was very good indeed and we were glad we did go ahead with the booking.Overall we were pleased with the hotel. It is lovely inside though slightly expensive.	
Jan 23 2009 	One star status budget Accomodation	It was their third offer of a room before we decided it would get no better. First room had creatures crawling around the shower floor. Second room offered had blood on the towel.The so called romantic roof terrace restaurant did not serve wine(we had to locate/bring our own) and the roof of same is lined with bamboo, above which numerous pigeons reside, dropping feathers etc into one food while dining. Only one of our party(of three) was sick over a five day period, but we spoke to another resident whose friend was confined to their room for a couple of days with food related problems.Tried to charge for a non appearance as one of our party coming from Thailand to meet us in India had to alter booking(due to Bangkoks a/port being closed) only refunded us after several days of verbal discussions/culminating in our having to remind manager of our post holiday review intentions.Most definately would strongly advise against booking this establishment.	
Jan 23 2009 	Tiny overpriced 	Our room was very small with a heater and A/C unit that looked like they were made 50 years ago. The TV was also dated.The staff were not friendly but capable enough. They organised a free pick up from the airport, but this was a dusty 15 year old tiny car. Luggage would not fit in the boot and had to go on the front seat. They organised a lift to the domestic airport for the 450 Rupees in a slightly better small car (but not much). The plus points are a nice restaurant up on the roof, with a very nice breakfast.	
Jan 21 2009 	Not that bad at all but greatly overpriced	For CAD215 (USD 180) a night, greatly overpriced, like all hotels in India. The good: conveniently located in the quiet street of Karol Bagh, 5 minutes walk from metro. Nice rooftop restaurant. The bad: heater in the room didn't work properly. Electricity outlets were so outdated that small plugs (cell or photo charger) required support to stay plugged. Hot water was in fact just warm, so shower in the morning was challenging.	
Jan 9 2009 	Great Hotel	I stayed at this hotel on the 19th Dec for 2 nights and we had booked 2 rooms. We got complimentary airport pick up which was great. Upon arrival at the hotel we were advised we had got an upgrade on both the rooms which was nice to hear.The location is great for all the tourist sights. 1 thing i would say is dont book taxis from the hotel reception as it is a little bit more expensive than a normal taxi.Considering this hotel is a 3 star budget hotel i would say it was very good. I stayed at a 4 star in Mumbai and it was awful!Good value for money and if i was to go back to Delhi i would stay here again.	
Nov 21 2008	Very Nice Hotel	This hotel is really nice, situated in one the best areas in Delhi, which is Karol Bagh. You just come out of hotel, then right and when you hit the main market street, turn right again and at the end of that street you have metro station Karol Bagh which it will take you to the main attractions or close enough to spend a fair amount on a auto rickshaw from there.Hotel staff is very helpful, and polite. We never used the pick up service from the airport because we always reached this hotel from the train stations. We raised this concern with hotel receptionist and he provided us with a courtesy drop off service to the airport instead. The food from the roof top restaurant is pretty decent and poison free. We never had meat as in the rest of India but saw lots of people eating meat and nobody complained or looked sick the days afterwards. This hotel is on the same area of others which look more economic like the Royal Holidays and the Hotel Classic but compare to these other doggy places this is far above in all aspects. You spend more but you receive quality in all senses, while on these other places, we stayed our first night in the Royal Holidays, we never could sleep as there works in progress in front of the Hotel and since we arrived they were trying to push us to make deals to visit using their touts what you can visit on your own. They just think that people are stupid and have not read enough before going to India.Here is all the opposite, taxi prices if you request one are reasonable, help is as much as they can, advices, internet free compare to others that try to charge you with 100 rupees for a crap connection, there shops in the vicinity and there is the great market on the street heading to the metro station.Definitely If I get back to Delhi one of these days I will stay here again and can recommend it to any one.	
Nov 16 2008 	Decent enough hotel for a short stay	Hotel is a bit dated, and shows it in places. The hotel room we had was ok'ish. Mostly clean. The one big negative point was the aircon unit just above our heads over the bed and I mean literally just above, see picture. It was excessively noisy during the night and at one point spewed out a whole lot of built-up black grime from the street.The rooftop terrace would be nice if it weren't for the heavy smog of Delhi. Otherwise the food and drinks are decent and reasonably priced.Stayed there for a night, just before flying back out of India, so didn't get a chance to explore the area. It did look quite lively with street stalls at night.	
Nov 13 2008 	"we love being care"	It was really a good experience with my partener to stay in this hotel, the pick up was free and efficient as we arrive delhi mid night The hotel was good and clean, Hope fully i get what i payAs i fall ill was taken care of the staff with medicene food and service etc which touced my heart, may god bless them all, will recommend this hotel to everyone.	
Nov 12 2008 	good hotel in crazy delhi	excellent quality accommodation for the value in delhi.... karol bagh is a hustling area, but nice to have a quiet hotel... very friendly and helpful staff!!	
Nov 12 2008 	worst hotel ever stayed in	I would like to explain firstly that indian hotels are not of the quality you find elsewhere. That is a common theme i found throughout my stay in india and all travelers must bear this in mind before they travel there. However I was very shocked as to the state of the room especially baring in mind the positive reviews on trip advisor.The room was of a relatively nice size. However the room I stayed in would have gotten a 1 star anywhere else. There were very big cracks in the walls, the room was dirty. The airconditioning unit was very grimy, the bathroom was very shabby, the bath was cracked. All in all i am sure I could have found a hotel for the price I payed in am much nicer room. But i loved being in delhi such an incredible stay and it barely dampened our stay.	
Oct 21 2008 	Haven in New Delhi	My husband and I stayed at the Clark Hotel in New Delhi both at the beginning and end of our trip to India. Overall our stay on both occasions was excellent. The hotel is well priced, conveniently located near the Metro line (Karol Bag stop), provides airport pickup and drop off, rooms are modern, clean and spacious (large comfortable beds, in- room safe for valuables, nice bathrooms), front desk staff are helpful and friendly, food in the restaurant is convenient and tasty, a travel service is available in the lobby which can arrange a driver and tours of the city. The overall atmosphere is very friendly and staff are competent and readily provide assistance. New Delhi can be a daunting experience with so much traffic, noise and confusion and so having a place to stay such as this makes the visit so much better. We found Pankaj, Rajesh and Ekta to be especially helpful and hospitable and would readily return on another visit. Staff do their best to make you feel welcome and comfortable. Highly recommend this hotel for visitors to New Delhi.	
Oct 13 2008 	Great!	We regularly stay at this hotel. On a budget this hotel is great value. The rooms are clean and modern. The staff is very accomodating, in particular Rajesh and Ekta on the front desk. One of its main attractions is the location, right at the heart of the maddness. Love it. Mrs Shah UK	
Sep 29 2008 	Hotel Clark treated us awfully	My partner and I have just returned from a holiday in India where, as part of our itinerary, we had pre-booked our first two nights at the Hotel Clark International in Delhi through Expedia, for which we were charged £40.70 per night - a lot for India, but we wanted to ensure our first nights were comfortable.As part of our booking, we had requested the free airport pickup to the hotel, advertised on the website. We received our confirmation and were looking forward to our stay at the hotel.However, on arrival at Delhi International Airport, there was no one from the hotel to pick us up. As a result, after lots of trailing around the airport in the middle of the night, we managed to find a driver who was prepared to take us to the hotel in the city (at an extortionate rate).On approaching the city, I phoned the hotel to get their exact location. I was first told by the receptionist that we only had a reservation and not a booking. I informed him that we had prepaid in full and that I had a full confirmation voucher from Expedia.He then told me that, yes, we had had a booking, but they were no longer able to give us a room, and had decided to put us up in another hotel nearby instead. We were utterly dismayed given that we'd spent a lot of money on the first nights of our holiday to avoid this sort of hassle!Given it was so late at night, we asked for directions to the alternative hotel - Hotel Blue Sapphire. Although we were told this hotel was of the same quality as the Hotel Clark International, it turned out to be pretty awful . It certainly was not near the quality we'd be led to expect from the Hotel Clark International.Until now. our experiences booking through Expedia to date have been an entirely positive experience - but this was a nightmare. At best, Hotel Clark International messed up - at worst, they scammed us into taking a cheaper hotel, and didn't honour a prepaid contract.	
Sep 26 2008 	Well priced all that you need	In Delhi you get what you pay for. When I'm here on business I pay around £200 per night compared to Hotel Clark's £35 per night. It isn't the most luxurious hotel in town, but it provides good facilities in a lively part of town. Well worth the money. Dinner and beer in the rooftop restaurant good and reasonably priced too. Breakfast is pretty boring though! Hotel will normally include a pickup from the airport. I saw some negative comments elsewhere about Abyss Travel. They are the hotel's &quot;travel agent&quot; for car hire etc.. If you don't want to use them, don't. You're not under any pressure to!	
Sep 12 2008 	Excellent Hotel in Crazy Delhi.	Look, its simple, unless you want to pay £200+ per night, then you will struggle to find a quality hotel in any big city in India. So reviews about this hotel saying mediocre, decieved or overpriced, ignore!! these guys did not do there homework before getting here. The Hotel is located in Karol Bagh and is right in the heart of things,clustered with back street markets and is extremely lively. Yes, the area is not the cleanest, but 75% of Delhi is like this. We based ourselves here for 5 nights, the rooms are clean and well maintained. The food in the roof top resurant is excellent and the staff really friendly.If you want to see, feel and smell Delhi and thats probably why your are visisting this city! then stay here.	
Aug 27 2008 	Very good experience	The rooms on the fourth floor are very nice. We had a so-so room on the first night , and then we heard that the rooms on the fourth floor were better and so we moved up for the following night. It was great. Spotless, crispy white sheets, a clean modern bathroom. Breakfast is good, the view outside is great. The hotel collaborates with a travel agent named Haroon, who is excellent. He made various bookings for us and we found him friendly and reliable.	
Jul 20 2008 	Over-priced Mediocre ...	Well, it would be unfair on my part to discard this property altogether but at the same time I am unable to find justifications for having it at No 14 on TripAdvisor’s popularity index. Let’s start from 0:0 to the last whistle i.e., the moment we checked out. Check-in was anything but smooth. Despite having an explicit pre-paid reservation for two adults and two kids (6, 4) front-desk was insistent to have 600 INR/night for extra bed. Breakfast was not at all impressive … yeah even taking room rates in account. Bathroom standard should have been better. TV was not working, there is only 2-3 channels tuned in … we never tried to tune in more nor did we complaint, to be fair. Room service was prompt and efficient. Wi-fi was complementary and of acceptable speed. To conclude, I would say that you don’t really get value for money at this hotel. I am not satisfied, let alone impressed.	
Jun 21 2008 	What a shock but a good one in the end	I have been to Delhi 4 times in the past two years due to my hubby working out there. This time we were on holiday, I booked the Clark International via there web site which was so easy.We arrived in Delhi late at night, the hotel car picked us up from the airport, when we arrived at the Clark I nearly called a taxi to take us to the Imperial Hotel where I had stayed previously. We appeared to have arrived in downtown Beirut but once inside the Clark International I was presently surprised. We were taken up to our room, which was lovely, the bed was very comfotable with crisp clean sheets, air con cooled the room very fast and a great hot shower.The next day we got went up to the top floor for breakfast which had everything you could want to eat with a great view. We then went for a walk and headed down to Connaught Place to do some shopping, when we arrived back to the hotel later that afternoon we realised we were positioned slap bang in the middle of the market district of downtown Delhi, it was great, it had street markets, lovely people, great places to eat and shop and a great carnival atmosphere until late into the evening. I couldn’t believe that my hubby had been to Delhi so many times and never found this area. I loved the hotel and loved the area, next time I go to Delhi I will stay at the Clark International.TIP: Take a card from reception when you travel about as we found a lot of taxi drivers did not know where the hotel was as tucked down a side street, the card has a map on the back with address and phone number.	
May 16 2008 	excellent value	this was our first time in Delhi - we wanted a not too expensive but well kept hotel - and the Clark International conformed to our expectations. Clean, smallish but well-kept room (with noisy a/c) friendly and helpful staff.The area is noisy and colorful, which we rather enjoyed. no bad surprises. recommended.	
Apr 9 2008 	A winning combination	My brother and I were returning to India after many many years to discover the origins of our parents. Our mother (Tess) was Indian and our father a British soldier. I was born in Devlali and left as a baby.It was therefore important that we had good accommodation in Mumbai and Delhi. And certainly the Clark gave us this.The staff at the hotel were very helpful; the rooms were great and the breakfast second to none. Several times we also had lunch which was very nourishing. If we needed any help with minor things that can usually go wrong on holiday the staff acted quickly and efficiently. We found that they had a winning partnership with Abyss Tours which many other car operators must envy in Old Delhi. The pick up and drop off at the airport went smoothly and we negotiated very competitive rates from their able and competent manager ,Arif, for a sightseeing tour and a trip to Agra to see the Taj Mahal. Altogether a very satisfying stay. Congratulations to both teams at the Hotel and the Abyss.Raymond RaineUniversity Senior Lecturer UK	
Apr 6 2008	Don't ever use Abyss Travel	Bed ok, bathroom passable, meals passable general staff attitude ok. The major problem this hotel has is their association with Abyss Travel...they are a joke, so see through makes you laugh. All the old tricks...obvious plants lies, lies lies. It's a shame that a &quot;could be good hotel&quot; has to associate its self with, and promote, Abyss Travel. Please don't take us for fools.	
Apr 3 2008 	Great value in the heart of things!	This little gem is right in the &quot;horn honking&quot; center of things. My room was small but clean and comfortable. The staff were all very kind. There was a bit of an internet snafu when I first arrived, but the manager stayed with the problem until he got it fixed and I could get online. I could walk to all sorts of shopping and the hotel has easy access to taxis, etc.There were several tour groups staying in the hotel while I was there...so book early, the secret is out about this one.	
Mar 12 2008 	good value	the hotel is in the heart of new delhi in a non-touristy area.be prepared for a different culture, but do not be afraid of the neighborhood. free breakfast buffet was great with a mix of local and american food. the bed was comfy and the room was clean. you may need to use ear plugs at night because of dogs barking and autos honking. if you do not use the free ride from the airport, you can use the free ride to the airport. the hotel price was okay; not too pricey and not too cheap.	
Mar 6 2008 	4* quality at 3* price	A really recommendable, clean, friendly hotel with all mod cons (inc wi fi) in a busy - though not exactly central - part of town. By Indian standards it's very fairly priced too, so book well in advance to be sure of getting a room.	
Feb 22 2008 	A great find and good value for your money!	After reading several reviews on-line, we booked the Clark International for 2 nights. We were very pleased with this hotel and believed we got very good value for our money. The front desk staff were extremely helpful and knowledgeable and were very happy to assist in arranging drivers, tours or train travel at competitive prices.They have a cute roof top restaurant. Good Indian, Western and Chinese food, and a &quot;business centre&quot; where you can check your internet. We would definitely stay at this hotel again and we highly recommend it to others.Any inconveniences of this hotel were very minor:1) Like many of the places that we booked on line, it said that our room included free airport pick up and we requested this through Expedia, but it did not happen. So, if you would like airport pick up, double check that a driver will actually be there to pick you up.2) Hotel is located in a busy market area. I was happy to not have to walk alone outside of the hotel at night. The street noise could definitely be heard in the hotel rooms (as is the case throughout Delhi) so bring earplugs!3) Totally my own fault, but I left my sandals in the hotel after I checked out and went back the next day to get them but was told that they had been &quot;thrown out&quot;. So triple check your room when you leave!	
Feb 22 2008 	very good value hotel	Efficient, good value hotel. Reception staff not particularly helpful or friendly but efficient. Included breakfast was good, and Nepali &quot;head&quot; waiter very friendly. Evening meal good value and good. Room was clean, quiet and secure. Had coffee/tea making facilities which is unusual. Also minibar with reasonably priced drinks, including water, which is useful if you have just arrived from the airport. Efficient pick-up from airport even though plane was delayed. Handy for Metro.	
Feb 1 2008 	Little Gem	Stayed on two occasions in Jan. One night at first then 3 nights after a 6 day train journey.We were met by friendly courteous staff, they helped us to locate an ATM on the first stay as it was a little daunting in this very bustling city. The rooms were clean,the bathrooms had bath, shower, all very clean, mini-bar &amp; air con,TV and free internet connection. There was some traffic noise but unavoidable in such a busy city and no fault of the hotel. The breakfast was very satisfying,cereals,hot foods, eggs etc. Lunch and snack &amp; dinner menus varied &amp; were very nice and the waiters very nice,helpful. We would recommend this hotel, it was quite a &quot;little gem&quot; considering the price of some hotels in New Delhi, we would stay there again should we return someday. As we didn't take advantage of their free hotel pick-up on our arrival in New Delhi, they kindly gave us a free drop off to the airport for our departure.	
Jan 31 2008 	Highly recommend the Clark International New Delhi	Have just returned from a week based at the Clark International New Delhi. Our rooms were spotlessly cleaned each day, bed linen was changed daily, hot water was plentiful (though the wet room style bathroom was a little inconvenient), staff were extremely friendly, courteous and helpful. Restaurant facilities and breakfast was very good. Room service excellent. The only downside was that the location was a little rough, as a party of four women travellers, we did not feel particularly safe stepping out alone and we were glad that we had booked the services of a driver for our stay. Would highly recommend the Clark International hotel as being very good value for money.	
Jan 27 2008 	Good moderately priced hotel	We stayed at the Clark Hotel in July, 2007. My husband is Indian, but not from Delhi, and we really didn't know much about hotels in the city except that there seemed to be very few moderately priced hotels. After a great deal of research on the Internet, we selected the Clark Hotel. It was very clean, with good airconditioning (except during the daily power cuts). This was important as we were there at the height of summer. The staff was very helpful, but not all spoke good English. They tried their best, and we managed. This is not a five star hotel, obviously, but it was clean and comfortable. The morning breakfast buffet was good, with toast available for picky eaters (like my children). Indian food, as well as some &quot;international&quot; dishes like chinese food, etc, was also available for all meals, and was not hideously spicy. Even the Indian food was not too spicy. They are trying to cater to American/European palates, I think. However, I think that they are bringing in the food from another location as the &quot;restaurant&quot; appears to be a room with no kitchen attached. This can cause rather long wait times for food (think 30-45 minutes after ordering). This can be a problem after a long, hot day, especially with small children. There is a neaby McDonalds. The area is really, really busy with cars, people, beggars, etc., all the usual India issues and at night there is a market which might be fun to explore if you don't mind the mosquitos. We didn't do this as the kids were exhausted at night. The area might be a bit of a shock if you have never been to India before. Overall, it was a good place to stay for a few nights, especially if you don't want to spend spend hundreds of dollars a night for a 5 star property, but you want a clean hotel with western toilets (very important) and A/C. The pick up from the airport was included, but the drive back was not. One other note for female travelers, is try to get some Indian clothes, like a salwar kameez. Even during the hottest of days, it is very comfortable as they can be made of very light cotton. I saw several women wearing tank tops and shorts, and they are usually being followed by groups of strange men. Not pleasant. In India, if you wear shorts and sleeveless tops, you may as well be walking around in your underwear.	
Jan 26 2008 	Great Hotel for the price	Yes, we had agreat time at the Clark after staying at a couple of similar hotels which were 'nasty' Don't have any doubts about staying there the place is very clean and the food brilliant,staff could'nt be more helpful. You can arrange for a driver to take you around Delhi for a fixed price so no worries there. I recommend you pack ear plugs even at the top 5* hotels you can hear the road noise from your hotel room.We had no problems with the water, hot water all the time. Electric went out from time to time but that happened every where in Delhi.We stayed there for 2 weeks and if I can remember it went out twice to come back on in 5mins or less. The outside of the hotel was dirty and would not liked to have walked outside on my own but that is the case all over Delhi.	
Jan 10 2008 	Do not be deceived!!	Thanks to Photoshop, they've managed to delete all the electrical wires hovering over their shaded windows, their neighboring buildings and whatever else that looks nasty in their surrounding. So when you look it up online, you would think that the hotel is in a nice, quiet area. We were on the 2nd floor and we could hear the vehicles passing by, horns beeping, people's voices, et al. Not very comfortable when all you need is a good night's sleep. We had a portable heater in our room and it wasn't working, so we phoned the reception to replace it. They did...with another non-working unit. Great. The room and bathroom is OK and the bed was clean. But we didn't really get value for our money. We think the hotel is overpriced especially with the location.	
Jan 1 2008 	OK Hotel Great Breakfast	Pros: Good hotel in Delhi, offered free airport pickup. Great breakfast included in room price. Room had a modern feel.	
Dec 29 2007	Good mid range hotel in Delhi	My friend and I stayed here in September, the only fault was they we're revamping the reception which was transformed in the space of 24hrs - no mucking about! And it really didn't affect us just added to the adventures of India.We were picked up as promised from the airport which I highly recommend, the room was excellent (we chose to stay in one of the suites).The travel guide in the hotel sorted us out for our private car trips around Delhi, Taj Mahal and then onto Japiur.Food here is excellent so we ate here on both evenings!	
Dec 15 2007 	Would avoid	I did not have a great stay here. Initially when I booked, they told me a taxi from the airport was part of the package. When I arrived, they charged me 500rp for this. Then when I left, they tried to charge me another 100rp because the car was airconditioned. Also when I arrived, my room smelt like a sewer, so much so that someone had to come in and spray air freshener. The next day I changed rooms, and this was OK, so try NOT to stay on the bottom floor. The restaurant is OK with nice views. The hotel travel agent is dodgy and tried to make me go to Kashmir. However the internet was free. The service was very mixed. Some people were helpful, others were downright rude, especially the man who asked me to pay extra for the taxi. I would recommend this place ONLY to budget travellers.	
Dec 14 2007 	An amazing hotel in the middle of the chaos that is Dehli.	Having booked through Hostelbookers.com and read all the reviews, my boyfriend and I were worried about the hotels condition. I called the hotel 2 days before departure to book the airport transfer, the man was waiting ready for me. We arrived at the hotel at 6am way before check in time, but they allowed us a room at 1/3 of the normal rate. The room was amazing, all European amenities, a huge double bed and a 32&quot; flat screen TV all you could ask for in a room. we booked deluxe. We were pleasantly surprised and would definitely stay there again. Please do not be put off by the surrounding area, as you are in India you need to keep an open mind. Also the food in the restaurant on the roof is amazing, we had a tandoori platter for rs350, enough for two people. If you stay at this hotel you wont be disappointed.	
Nov 25 2007 	Best Night Manager and very fine rooms	I am a teacher who went with a colleague and 6 students on a Trip to India.We spend our very first night in the Clark and this was the best introduction to India. Although the hotel seems to be in the middle of mayhem it is a quiet spot and very western in all its amenities. The rooms were large with high ceilings and the latest in equipment and bathroom convenience... we had everything down to the bathroom slippers. The Night Duty manager &quot;Chakraworty&quot;) could not have been nicer and fullfilled every wish of us spoiled Westerners. Of course we had wireless free internet which was another plus because I wanted to let the student's parents know that we arrived safely.Breakfast was also super and served on the roof top. One amazing experience.	
Nov 24 2007 	Great Market area in Karol Bagh	Great Hotel, the staff were fantastic and helpful always. I was here with my wife, 1st time to India and we started on a tour in Delhi first. After you get over the initial shock of the driving, poverty and the streets you will grow to love this little gem of a hotel. The hotel is literally a 30 second walk from Karol Bagh market which is great fun, especially as we were there for Divali so the streets were lit and fireworks everywhere. You will get beggars in this area but you will find that throughout India which is a shame as there are so many homeless children. Change is a serious problem so try and get as much as possible as you wil get harrased. Travel agent name Arif is fantastic and i swear he works 24 hour days as he is always there. He arranged tours, transports etc and we had no problems. The Hotel Dining area is brilliant, situated on the roof and very open but with covering, food is of a high standard and service excellent. Dont believe everyone who says that Delhi is expensive compared to say Agra or Jaipur, that is only on certain items. My final comment is once you get over the shock of the streets leading to the hotel you will enjoy your stay, when the driver said we are here i nearly fell out of the car, but after my trip to Delhi, Agra, Jaipur &amp; Mumbai i enjoyed the experience of Delhi the most.	
Nov 19 2007 	Oasis of calm	We were in Delhi for the VIV India Exhibition at the Pragati Maidan, cost was a consideration when I chose the Clark International but we felt we had excellent value for money. The location is rather challenging, the noise and general grubbyness can be off putting but once you are inside the hotel everything changes. We reserved a suite, (this was still a good price compared to the 4 and 5 star hotel prices) and it was great. A large canopied bed with beautiful clean linen and a bathroom with a marble floor.The rooftop restaurant is very good, the food is excellent and although the hotel does not have a bar you can get a beer with your meal. Breakfast is decidedly Indian with not very much concession to European taste but we always found something suitable.The staff are very helpful, especially the travel agent, after the show we had set aside time to visit Rajasthan and it was organised for us very efficiently by Abysss tours.Overall I can recommend this hotel as being good value for money.	
Nov 15 2007	Nice clean room	Pleasantly surprised about this hotel that we booked for the last night of our stay in India. Very clean and functional room (401), helpful staff. They agreed without problem to replace the free airport pickup which we didn't need by an airport drop-off early morning.	
Nov 15 2007 	A Cozy Hotel in Delhi	I stayed there November 6-13. The hotel staff is very attent?ve, the decor is tasteful and the rooms are comfortable. Breakfast on the rooftop is very pleasant -- ask for Chai (that's delicious Indian spiced tea), not the teabag option! The hotel is located in Asia's biggest shopping area, Karol Bagh. The ultra-modern Delhi Metro station is 5 minutes from the hotel. From there, you can get to Delhi's commercial and business center, Connaught Place, in just a few minutes more.	
Nov 10 2007 	Ok hotel but not great we expected better	stayed in this hotel 3 nights Oct 07. transfer from airport good as we were 90 mins late the driver waited for us..our room was dissapointing ,room 407. no view blacked out widow ( a concrete wall behind) I guess it was quiet apart form hearing the lift go up and down all night.No hot water at all during our stay. Roof top restaurant average lacked a few green plants lots of bird poo on the edges of the terrace, but delhi is delhi. food nothing special. wouldnt serve us beer but others seemed to have it.( whether they took it to the table themselves)We booked with late rooms and when we came to pay extra tax (luxury tax ) was added on the bill this was a laugh as this hotel was clean but def not luxury. not at all like the website pictures we looked at before booking, staff ok but not as friendly as other hotels we stayed in.	
Oct 24 2007 	Bed smelt of wee no hot water.	We hit the Clark International Hotel after 3 weeks in Bangalore and a couple of days in Udaipur. It was the worst hotel in our trip.My wife and I are from Australia, I was in India for work and my wife joined me after 3 weeks for a bit of an explore. We booked through Otel.com, and paid online for an Executive room, one up from the normal room type. However, when we checked in we got given the most basic crummy room, which had been painted that morning (paint still wet to touch) and found that the booking had somehow come through to Clark from Otel.com as &quot;standard double&quot;. We were there 3 days and did see other nice rooms but were told that these were not available.No hot water, we had to call the lobby each time and request. Then a man would come up to our room and put his hand under the shower for 10 minutes while the boiler or something fired up, and my wife stood around in a towel. Ah, the romance of India. The bed smelt of urine, and we did eventually get it replaced on day 1 which was good. Lots of renovation going on, but they did give us some free meals at the hotel restaurant which was some compensation. To go shopping we booked a van and driver at an exhorbitant price from the hotel travel desk. The driver got sulky when we wouldn't get out at the &quot;commission&quot; place that he recommended, and dropped us in the middle of nowhere, which was quite scary. Avoid...try somewhere else...	
Oct 15 2007 	Not bad for Delhi	Hotel was ok, was being decorated so constant smell of turps. No window which I found a bit weird. Breakfast was good on top floor restaurant, staff generally helpful.	
Oct 2 2007	Bad Don't Stay Here !!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Booked via Expedia 3 weeks prior to stay. Included in room price ($100 AUD) was airport pick-up. On arrival day had to email hotel to make sure they were going to pick us up (they were not bothered). We pulled up to hotel and parked - an auto (tuk tuk) accidently scratched the drivers old rusty car, the driver got out and smashed the auto guy across the head...meanwhile we were stuck in the car. Nice welcome!Check in, typical India...cold, fill out forms etc. Taken to room way way down back of hotel near generator. Room tiny, and in disrepair but neat (on surface). We thought O.K...it is Delhi (overpriced and poor quality).Within the hour...&quot;bang, bang&quot;, the sounds of drilling/sawing and metal banging. After 2 hours we called reception and asked when will the sound stop...&quot;oh 5 minutes&quot;. So after about 40 mins we thought lets go and see reception desk. Upon leaving our room the door was open adjacent. We walked into room where 2 guys were painting, the room was luxurious compared to ours and large. So we thought as we booked a superior delux we can change room. We walk up a level to see what the banging was and found all floors under maintanence, people everywhere painting, just crap everywhere.So we went down stairs and asked to see another room. &quot;No rooms&quot; we were told. We asked to see the manager...&quot;You wait&quot;. So we sat in foyer....after 30 mins of waiting we went up to the room, expecting the manager to call us when he was able. No call. About 45 mins later we decided to pack backpack and go into central Delhi for better hotel even though the Expedia / hotel took our money upon booking and credit card had already beeen charged.At reception the manager appeared. He was not bothered by our request nor concerned that we left. We did mention we would be complaining. We think they preferred not having guests at this time, cause we did not see 1 single guest during our 4 hours here.We complained to Expedia the next day, and they contacted the hotel and a refund was in the process (1 week). We would recommend not to stay here. No restaurant, no alcohol in mini-bar.We travelled for 6 weeks in India/Pakistan and by far this hotel was the worst we encountered.	
Oct 1 2007	Decent Value	We opted for the most expensive room on the property, which was around US$125 per night. We were favorably impressed, the room was clean and very comfortable and the bed very nice. The hotel is located in a noisy and busy area, and to be honest when we arrived at the hotel we were not terribly impressed with the exterior of the building. However, the staff were very friendly and the other hotel guests we chatted with in the lobby loved the place, so we gave it a shot. The food is rather good and the rooftop restaurant is charming. Overall good value for the money but probably won't stay there again simply because the neighborhood is incredibly busy and very congested. If that doesn't bother you, try it out. Otherwise a good hotel.	
Aug 23 2007 	a no go.	I booked on expedia.com, choosing by price ($110), thinking there are a slew of hotels in the $30 range and a slew in the $300 range, and this would fit right in the middle. It did not. It is not near a 4 Star hotel, but what in India would be called a 3 star. Rooms are noisy, &quot;India Clean&quot; (sort of scruffy) and not worth more than $40. It seems the hotel is advertising on places like Expedia looking for people shopping by price -and trusting that you get what you pay for. While this is true generally, in India it is generally less true. Also, they overbooked us and moved us on the 2nd day of our stay: to a &quot;3 Star&quot; that was less than half the price (although they attempted to keep the rate the same) but was actually nicer.	
Aug 17 2007 	Comfort in Unknown Territory	Being a woman, alone and an inexperienced traveler, you bet I was nervous when I arrived in Delhi at 3:00 a.m. My flight was 4 hours late and I had no idea what to expect. A huge wave of relief washed over me when I found my name being held up by a friendly face at the front of the overwhelming crowd. The hotel was definitely dedicated to taking care of their guests.I was further comforted to be met with a strong display of professionalism at the reception, especially at 3:30 a.m. The other hotel staff were patient with my conflicting sleep schedule and did their best to help me obtain whatever I needed during those first hours.The hotel’s choice of tour agency to help me plan the rest of my journey to Rajasthan, Kashmir and Daramshala was outstanding. The employees of Abyss Tours were friendly and personable. I completely forgot the fact that I was alone in a strange land very far away from home. All recommendations of hotels throughout the tour were superb.I will always recommend all my family and friends who wish to travel to India in the future to stay at Clark’s and use Abyss Tours to ensure that they will find the whole Indian experience as delightful as I did.	
Aug 14 2007 	Enjoyed our stay at Clark International!	We stayed at this hotel for two days and here's why I liked it.1. The staff is very courteous and helpful.2. The rooms are clean and when you request extra towels or sheets, they are provided promptly.3. The food is very good and their breakfast buffet is impressive.4. the hotel is centrally located and one can easily access major tourist attractions.	
Aug 5 2007	Good Midrange Hotel	After having considerable difficulty locating a midrange ($50-$100) hotel in Delhi for a personal visit, we settled on the Clark Intl. based on reviews on TripAdvisor. We had a delightful stay and were very pleased with the hotel staff. 1) They showed up at the airport as promised for the complimentary pickup. They come in an Indica (small car) so if you are a large family with luggage cal them and let them know in advance.2) Our room was basic but both the room and the hotel inside was very clean. Folks who have written negative reviews are likely having inflated expectations of what $50-60 per night can get you in Delhi. The area around the hotel is not great (in the middle of Karol Bagh) - that did not bother me so I liked the hotel esp. the courteous staff.3) The complimentary breakfast and the attendants serving it are very professional.4) We had made our own taxi arrangements for Delhi and Agra sightseeing and there was no pressure put on us by hotel staff to use their services. They did organize airport dropoff for us when requested.Overall very happy with the hotel - would definitely stay there again if going thru' Delhi on personal visit.	
Aug 1 2007	Not a bad deal for the location and facilities	The hotel is centrally located in the Karol bagh area and close to Metro station . The facilities are clean and maintained reasonaby well .The complementary breakfast is good . The negatives - the surrounding areas are not too good , but you cannot have a central location like Karol bagh and peace together. They provided complimentary pick up from airport (because it was free the driver did not run AC and we did not particularly insist although it was hot) . The reception staff was also helpful in arranging early morning taxi drop off to Nizammudin Rly station.Overall a good value for money proposition and above average clean facilities in a central location.	
Jul 3 2007 	Better than expected	For our arrival in Delhi my partner and I were looking for a clean but basic hotel at which to spend our first night. After reading reviews for other hotel in the sprawling city we decided upon the Clark International.As promised the hotel duly provided the complimentary pick up from IGA as promised. Although we were informed by email before we arrived that as we were to arrive at 0800 we would not be able to check-in until 1200, this was not the case. The hotel was able to accommodate us immediately, which after a long journey was greatly appreciated.The room was basic but spotlessly clean with a working air cooler (rather that air conditioning) which was noisy but apply drowned out the street noise below.As anticipated we were offered trips, booked through the hotels' travel agency, but when we declined their offer there was no 'hard sell', unlike a lot of India.The hotel is not centrally located but is a short five minute walk from the efficient New Delhi Metro.	
Jun 17 2007 	Great buy off season	I picked the Clark based on reviews on Trip Advisor. Got a good deal through hotels.com and then hoped that I had made the right choice. It was. My pal and I had a terrific room in a not-so-full hotel, for an off-season price that made my friends' jaws drop (people always tell me Delhi doesn't have mid-range hotels -- apparently, we found the only one). Our two-bed room was very clean, we had air conditioning, a fridge, ceiling fan, cable TV, nice bathroom, and a very nice staff happy to help. It was as quiet as can be expected (for *Delhi*). The staff recommended a travel company nearby to rent a car &amp; driver for a day, and the driver took us to a fantastic shop for clothes, then to a beauty parlor near the hotel to get a very reasonably-priced manicure and pedicure. The second day, when we told the staff where we wanted to go, they recommended we take the metro, which isn't too far away by walking, and is a terrific way to get around. There is some shopping not too far away from the hotel -- shoe stores are good, but the clothing stores weren't so great. There aren't really restaurants around, so you will have to rent a car/driver for that (room service is decent at the hotel). I found the hotel a great respite at the end of each day. Will definitely stay again.	
May 26 2007	Comparatively Impressive	In general, Delhi is a shaddy place, full of touts and scammers. The Clark is relatively safe, clean, and a good deal for a budget hotel. Our room did not have any windows, but the sheets were incredibly soft and clean; the beds were comfortable, and the airconditioning a blessing. The hotel is also near a local night market and only five minutes from the Karol Bagh metro. Do not trust the hotel tour guide! He brought us to his office and pretended to call the train station for tickets. He lied about the seat availabilty, luring us to his expensive car rides. Rather, check with ABC (?) travels, which is on the corner of the hotel block. In all, the hotel was a decent stay, and I would definitely recommend it to a friend.	
May 9 2007	Beware of being bumped!	We booked three rooms in advance for the Clark International - but despite having our bookings confirmed (and our credit cards charged!), on arrival we discovered that the hotel had over-booked itself and were abruptly ushered round the corner to a much lower standard hotel.Although our booking was with the Clark, we can only review it on the basis of the accomodaiton they supplied us with: the rooms were dull and not clean (a thick layer of dust covered most of the furniture); the bathroom consisted of a shower, an overflowing toilet and a bucket; the ceiling was covered with small flies; the hotel was noisy (children running around and constant unidentified dripping in each room during the whole night); and the breakfast cutlery was not clean.When we confronted the manager of the Clark International about being moved to inferior accomodation, he claimed that it was due to a business conference, and as a result the cost of our evening meal was waived - but we still left feeling shortchanged and somewhat disappointed with the experience.The communal areas (including the restaurant) in the Clark seemed of an acceptable standard - the roof terrace is worth a look for the sight of a heaving city.However, even if we had a cast-iron guarantee of a room at the Clark, we would probably not book there again as the hotel does look rather tired.	
May 8 2007 	excellent hotel. you get very good service delicious food for a very reasonnab	Francoise Wang-Toutain. french nationality the location of the hotel is very convenient. Delhi metro station is a 5 minutes (may be 3) walk and the metro goes directly to Connaught place. The staff is very welcoming and help for finding places where you want to go. the restaurant on the fifth floor gives a view of this part of Delhi witha large and very clean terrasse The food is very clean and delicious (I mean for a foreigner like me) the room are comfortable (though I had not the most comfortable one). The cleaning is done correctly everyday. the internet is free access. Also on the road to the metro station you have a nice market selling indian clothes and also daily life things. It is opened until 9 o'clock in the evening. It's a niceplace to spend some time. I stayed for ten days in this hotel for I was working In New Delhi. It was nice to come back every evening in a clean and friendly place. I would recommend the hotel for those who do not like the snobbish atmosphere of the great palaces of Delhi but still want good qualities rooms and services.	
Apr 18 2007	Acceptable two star hotel	I stayed at that place twice, with quick and friendly check in. Rooms on both occations were small but rather clean with surprisingly good bed linen. Bathrooms came with working but primitive showers and toilets. Good towels provided and they even had toiletries. Neighborhood is an extremly busy and loud bazaar area with traffic that drives you crazy. Since no taxi driver knows this hotel, suggest you print our the location map from the hotels web side. Personally, I prefered to eat at McDonalds just around the corner, or a Pizza Hut 300 meters away, not really finding the hotel restaurant appealing enough. For cheap internet access and even printers, there is a place right next to the hotel.	
Apr 16 2007 	You get what you pay for (in pounds dollars 	As several other visitors have noted, there are very few mid-range priced hotels in India. I am an American and have lived in Bangalore almost two years and find it's low end or Taj properties, all over $150/night with not much choice in between. The Hotel Clark International itself was nice, but was on a narrow side street in an older part of town. I appreciated the pick up service from the airport, even though the plane was over an hour late. The driver tried to hustle me to a travel agency almost immediately, but we needed time to rest because my traveling companion was not feeling well from the flight. After an hour, he took me one minute's walk to Indian Tribal Tours (see my review in Delhi info). The dining room is on the top-5th- floor, but the very old elevator only goes to the fourth floor, so it's not handicap-friendly. Check in and out was efficient. The buffet breakfast was fine; omelettes could be cooked to order. There is both inside and outside seating. I asked for a quiet room and we were given a small room with no windows. Actually, the A/C unit was in the window. The hotel was a bit pricey for India and what we got, but I'm not going to complain about it.	
Apr 15 2007 	New Delhi	Great hotel - very basic but great service. The hotel was a bit noisy between 7am- 7pm because of the market, but you felt like you were in India and not a sterile 5* hotel.My two children loved it and we had a great short stay in Delhi.	
Apr 15 2007 	Good service. Nice Place. Great Value.	Clark International is a fine hotel. Our rooms were clean. The room service was quick and food very good. All of the staff were very pleasant.We took advantage of the pickup from airport as well as a trip to Agra and a tour of Delhi. The tours were good and the pickup is handy. The hotel took care of all our transportation and tour arrangements from the moment we landed to our departure. This is an extra cost, on top of the room, but well worth it. It made things very easy and enjoyable for us. We would recommend this hotel to anyone going to Delhi for a few days. There is a bit of street noise at night, as the other reviewers have said, but it is tolerable.	
Apr 15 2007 	Safe Clean and Trying hard	Clark International DelhiTrying to maintain a decent standard of budget hotel in a chaotic city. This is clean, safe (at least for us), with services, fittings and staff that work, if all look rather tired, and decent if not exciting food. Use a locker for your valuables. There is no free mineral water, but its only about 15r from the minibar, and there are supermarkets through narrow doors and sometimes in the basements in the major shopping street, one short block from the hotel (where sundries will cost next to nothing).If you arrive on the early UK flight your room isn't likely to be ready until the guests check out and it's serviced, so you'll need to hang around in the restaurant, with an accumulating number of guests until it is. Pay for breakfast ~300r whilst you wait, other breakfasts and transfers are normally included, all explained on their website which seems accurate in text, though the pictures are overly flattering, and taken with an estate agents eye! We could not discern any advantage of our 'presidential-suite', apart from being marginally higher up from the traffic, so I'd suggest booking based on ensuite/no-ensuite and being done with it.Be prepared for standard scary Indian driving practises on the pickup, but the management will come to both the airport and the train station with a board whilst the driver waits (including meeting you from your carriage in the later case) which is very helpful if you take the all air-con out-early-late-back express (thoroughly recommended) to Agra for the day. There will probably be a couple of mini power outages or fluctuations during a day as well, which will trip the TV and air-conditioning, but normally last &lt;30s.The hotel is located in the odd shopping district of Delhi with small streets and shops, be prepared for noise, dust, disorganised telephone lines, stray dogs and dilapidated store fronts. It can be a bit of a shock if this is your first stop in India, the rest of the city is much the same, but there is a huge jump up in cost to the better hotels which have gardens and gates to sheild you from this.There are two metro station within a short walk, Karol Bagh is the one to head for, the other requires negotiating a difficult junction. The hotel has a useful if slightly haphazardly scaled and street named map. Its well worth collecting this along with a business card in order to get back to the hotel via an Auto through the myriad streets. We couldn't find a prepaid auto stop nearby the hotel, but there are plenty in the city centre to help you get back.The restaurant is on a roof terrace which gives a good view of the urban roof top landscape, for better and for worse - geckos on the whitewash, palm squirrels scampering on parapets, kites circling in the smog, continual honking of horns, inexplicable sirens, horns or drums (depending on the date) and endless dust. It's done out in Bamboo, with nightlights and waiter service and tries it's best. The Indian style food is better than the western, the breakfast is an odd mix of the two.	
Apr 14 2007 	Clark International -Good Hotel in Budget Price	Peter Goh: Hi There, this is my first exprience in Hotel Clark International, New Delhi, India. And it was extremely good. They provided good service beyond my thoughts. The hotel clark is three star amenities but they have some five star facilities. I got pick-up on time as they promised. Food was really good,bit spicy but i like. Staff was very friendly. And one of the best interesting thing is free wi-fi. Room was neat &amp; clean &amp; specially beds &amp; linen. Finally we enjoyed lot. My suggestion for travellers: Avoid any type of reviews &amp; use your exprience &amp; mind.Peter Goh	
Apr 10 2007	Clean safe and well staffed. Pity about the noise...	Although I'd concur with other reviewers comments regarding this being a clean, well maintained and well-staffed hotel, I can't really go any further without mentioning the street noise, which a light sleeper would really struggle with. Hard to blame the hotel for this but worth pointing out.The pick-up service was good and appreciated given our delayed arrival at Delhi Airport but I found the hard-sell tactics from our pick-up regarding procuring guides and further travel tickets a little tiresome when you've just arrived off a long flight. The hotel staff were however, efficient at arranging taxis and giving advice on other transport/tourist issues.Also worth pointing out for the uninitiated, that Karol Bagh (the area in which the hotel is located) is a long way from the tourist sights of Old and New Delhi, although the hotel is just a five minute walk from Delhi's crowded but otherwise excellent new Metro system (Karol Bagh stop). So the airport pick-up makes even more sense in that you can get a grip on the geography of the place before you venture out.All in all, just about worth the money but be careful if you are a light sleeper!	
Apr 10 2007 	The Objective Truth	First of all in order to provide readers with unbiased review, it will be best to start with the general context. First-timers in India, especially travellers from Europe and the US should know that India is very different place from home, not saying good, bad, beautiful, or ugly, the word different incorporates all those adjectives. My word for India would be spicy. When I arrived at the airport, I felt a little disturbed, it cannot be compared to the Munich airport that I left. The facilities looked much older, it was dirty and the place was crowded with colorful people. OK, I needed a coffee urgently, first surpise was that there was no schwarz coffee available, don't you even think of a good espresso, so I had to go for a nescafe. On the way out of the customs, a driver holding a sign with my name was waiting (I requested from the hotel my complimentary pick-up). The trip to the hotel was an adventure itself, people cooking in cauldrons on the street, small cars and motorbikes everywhere. The traffic is very busy, all cars scratched and those people horn vigorously, in fact, due to the fact I guess that they drive on the right side, on the buses you see the signs &quot;Keep distance&quot; and &quot;Please horn&quot;. This habit of pressing the horn vigorously, I did not like, because in the Clark hotel, I could easily hear those, because of the ill-fitted windows. Well, the first night it bothered me a lot, from the second night on, I got used to it. A few words for the hotel - it is situated near Khan Road (Ghaffar market) and honestly it is very busy area, dirt, small shops, street vendors, ugly buildings. The hotel itself is OK, reasonably clean and the staff was friendly, but I would expect more for 60-70 EUR a night. There was hot water during the first day, then disappeared, then came back. Breakfast was...OK.... I had an omlett, some toasts and butter....the rest I did not eat. I had troubles finding good quality food. My Indian hosts, however, brought me to a distant beutiful residential area, to a restaurant called Chopsticks - excellent place (I remember it was located in Asiad Village)The hotel has a computer room with ppl who reply to e-mails, 3-4 of those young ppl I saw. Here I must mentioned that before picking up Clark international, I had hard times finding a hotel in India, and my travel agent could not help me much. Later speaking with my Indian hosts, one of my suspicion was confirmed - mid-range hotel in India is not what the European traveller expects. OK, Clark Internation is really a mid-range hotel for India, some of the other hotels in the area, those with fallen letters from their signs, really scared me. So, in New Delhi there are some very shitty hotels, some that are OK, like Clark International, and good hotels, which I later saw. The good hotels are located around Counnaught place.......beatiful gardens and luxury, but available for a bit above $ 300 a night. Some names of those are: 1. Hotel Imperial2. Hotel Le Meridian3.The Park4. Shangri La5. Ashoka Palace5. Taj MansinghIt is your choice, some people like to walk in the dirt, in those charming markets and bargain, however I got sick from the food and water (no ice, only bottled water), I had a three-day diarreah when I came back home, but this is because I was not cautious enough. I saw beautiful palces (Humayun Tomb, Qutub Mnar, Sagrafang Tomb, Museum of Handicrafts, India Gate.....), lovely gardens and everything is cheap.	
Apr 7 2007 	Top class	Infrastructure - excellent.Room &amp; Toilet - Spic n span, clean at the corners, pleasant colors, clean n comfortable bed, clean linen and towels, well stocked mini fridge.Staff - Extremely friendly, cooperative and supportive.Restaurant - very good.Travel support - very good with in-house cars and drivers. Airport transfer is included.Location - centrally located. good for shopping. metro station is close by.Suggestion - Keep tissue boxes in the rooms.Downside - not suitable if you are arriving by own car, since there is no parking facility.Overall rating - very suitable for travellers who are used to international quality hotels.	
Jan 16 2007 	Excellent Service - good value	We stayed at Clark for 4 days. Bookings were arranged directly with the hotel - we were picked up (even though our plane was delayed and we were over an hour late) and presented with roses (a bit OTT but still a nice surprise!). Staff very helpful and check in/out was very smooth.Rooms were fine - probably worth going for one up from the standard so you are higher up and away from the street noise. There is also a local market one road down that starts 5-ish until late (except Mondays) - very useful for picking up nick naks and getting quick deep fried snacks from. The hotel is about 20 minutes tuk-tuk ride to Connaught Place and about 35 minutes in a taxi from the airport.They organised a car and driver to take us on an Agra tour - much cheaper than the tour operators in the area.I have a suspicion that the food is brought in from a kitchen out side the hotel - but room service was always prompt and good value for money. The rooftop restaurant lacks ambience but worth a visit so you can watch the eagles swoop for their dinner - you can also get very close up to them as they land on the roof.The hotel doesn't have any alcohol listed on it's menus - but can still be ordered off the bill!	
Sep 7 2006	nice stay	The hotel was good , Rooms were clean with clean cloth covers, Over all nice stay as it was only one night	
Aug 30 2006	value for money	I had a nice stay in the hotel with my wife , a homly &amp; clean environment with prompt service was great . value for the money.Staff was kind and helpful. We had a nice stay and sweet memories.	
Jul 29 2006	feel allright		
Jul 17 2006	Excellent New Delhi Hotel		
Jun 8 2006	Good hotel for a fair price		
Mar 13 2006	Clean serviceable and comfortable		
Jan 29 2006	The pits of a hotel!		
Jan 11 2006	I would strongly advise that you avoid this hotel		
Jan 6 2006	Quite acceptible but certainly not luxury :-)		
Nov 16 2005	It's a complete rip off		
Nov 12 2005 	Clark was Unfriendly		
Aug 14 2005	Never stay at The Clark International Hotel		
Mar 1 2009 	Décevant pour le prix		
Feb 17 2009 	?????????????		
Jan 12 2009 	??????????		
Aug 26 2008	Un hotel muy recomendable gran equilibrio calidad-precio		
Jan 20 2008 	Super Preis-Leistung und Top Service		
Oct 24 2007 	Un buen hotel		
Mar 11 2007 	des gens peu scrupuleux		
