	Best Hotel We Have Ever Stayed in !!	WOW !!! What a fantastic hotel. Warm welcome from staff on arrival . Room was everything you would expect from a 5 star hotel, large room with dressing room and large bathroom. Furnishings were of top quality. Staff were always helpful and courteous and could not do enough for you from the maid to the hotel manager. The hotel is like stepping back in time with its impressive lobby and seating area. Every floor of the hotel is like walking through an art gallery with numerous pieces of art, its well worth going for a wander and checking them out. The staff are dressed in uniforms similar to those that would have been worn in the colonial era. The atrium is impressive and the ideal place to relax and have afternoon tea. The hotel pool is an oasis from the hustle and bustle of Delhi.	
Nov 23 2009 	Exceptional	We stayed for a couple of nights at the beginning of the month and when we checked in they had upgraded us from the basic room to a junior suite. The room /s were perfect but since we didnt need or use the sitting room, dressing room &amp; spare bathroom, Im not sure Id pay for if we go back to delhi. The highlights were; the hotel itself which is immaculate, the incredible staff, the most beautiful pool, the location (a short walk from connaught pl, and next to the Tibetan market) &amp; the sheer joy of staying in a non corporate/chain hotel. We went to the spice route and had a good dinner. Ignore the guide books and go for an indoor table, also, it is expensive and be warned the food is more asian than indian, but if you are staying and cant be bothered to go out - you wont be dissapointed. The second night we went to Bukhara - and HATED it! Firstly its in the sheraton which is an ugly airport style hotel (45 mins away)and the restaurant is like being in a flintstones theme park. There is no cutlery - the seating is on tree trunk stools and the tables are slightly bigger tree trunks - neither having been hollowed out - theres nowhere to put your legs. The food was quite good but no better than every other restauarant we subsequently visiited on our trip - and it cost over £200 with a cheap bottle of wine 2 starters and 2 mains.We really liked delhi and loved staying at the hotel which provided a welcome peaceful escape from the mayhem of old and the bustle of new delhi..	
Nov 19 2009 	well too overpriced	Don't mind the big name and historical background : this hotel is way too pretentious and overpriced. The hotel management still live in a dream and is not aware that the city has changed : you can now find jus as good middle-range places to stay, with the same comfort, reasonably priced services and even more modern facilities.  Though the service remains friendly there and the rooms comfortable and beautifully decorated, it is difficult to understand why they charge so much. Why is an ordinary Wifi connection charged 200 Rs every 30 mns ?  Why has the price of the Sunday buffet tripled or more over the last few years to reach at least 2000 Rs each (drinks extra) for ridiculously small shares of food ? Why having a simple drink in the Atrium has got so expensive ?  Watch out in 2010 : after the Commonwealth Games rush, no one will be able to afford a room or even a drink in this place.  An other problem is that the staff doesn't know the difference between being helpful and intrusive. If you just feel like a cup of tea, they'll insist on you having expensive cakes with it (they are trained to be more commercial, I guess). If you want to work quietly in your room, keep the 'don't diisturb' tag on the door all time, as the roomkeeping staff would ring any time to offer some service, leaving you the nasty impression that you're just taken for a tip cash machine. Some would even follow you in the corridors to help you open your room door (thanks, I can manage with my key …). Too much attention also means less privacy and you sometimes feel you're being « watched » all the time.  Last detail: avoid the rooms opposite the fitness room if you don't want to wake up early in the morning at the sound of loud-speaking staff and customers gathering there. On the whole, I would advise to forget about staying there and just afford a meal in one of the restaurants some time when in Delhi. Not more: you can find beautiful guest houses/ hotels in the city now with nice gardens, free Wifi and nice rooftop restaurants...	
Nov 17 2009 	Beautiful but stuffy	The atmosphere at The Imperial is a bit stuffy for my taste. I love opulence but only when it is accompanied by a warm, friendly atmosphere. The fact that they wanted to charge me for a whole day for an early checkin was shocking. I liked the size of the hotel, not too big that you get lost. The food was outstanding and restaurant service very attentive.	
Nov 14 2009 	Best hotel in the World	I've been there several times during my year in India. It's a very refreshing hotel in the middle of the town. The staff is very professional and have high standards of client service. I invite people to spend some time to see all the wonderful art museum that this hotel is and to invite family and friends to the brunches or to other special events !they do amazing deserts!	
Nov 13 2009 	Overrated	We were very dissapointed with the Imperial. It felt to us like a big impersonal commercial hotel... The room (we were upgraded to a junior suite) was lovely with all the comforts,size and amenities one could have wanted with one big problem, the two windows faced directly into walls a couple of feet from the windows. According to the desk manager only the regular rooms face the atrium. If you look from the outside at the configuration I doubt if very mmany rooms have any view. The staff were fine, except we wanted to take the tour of the art collection, but they couldn't be bothered getting back to us with a time.The Spice Garden restaurant was excellentOur last time in Dehli we stayed at the Oberoi which I would recommend over the Imperial, except the Imperial location is somewhat better .	
Nov 7 2009 	Historical Grandeur which does not disappoint	Stayed at this incredible hotel for sadly just 2 nights.Stayed in a heritage suite. Unbelievable. The ceilings towered above the vast sitting room and large bedroom. Beautiful furniture and the rooms are all so cool in white. Historic pictures on the wall. The bed was just perfect and the bedding so luxurious. No outdoor facing windows but who cares when your room looks onto fountain courtyards. The staff could have not been more helpful nothing was too much problem and the guide the hotel found to take my me and my partner around old Delhi was tour guide to Presidents and Kings. Excellent. The hotel even laid the hotel car on which was extremely comfortable and rather grand with the hotels logo emblazened on the side. Security at the hotel is very tight with bags and luggage screened on arrival. Never been at a hotel that not only checks under all cars coming into the hotel drive (including their own) but one has to pass through a metal detector to get into the hotel. Room service was efficient. The phone,as promised,was answered almost immediately. There are simply so many places to eat in the hotel that one was disappointed that one was invited out for dinner and so lost a valuable night of trying out the hotels various eateries. We tried the 1911 restaurant for dinner which is a wonderfully historic room. I had a curry but my fiance went for some Australian lamb chops. London prices I afraid and almost 4 times the cost of my curry. So beware. There is the beautifully decorated spice route restaurant which I was sad we had no time to try. Apparently it took 7 years to decorate in natural colours. I did however get an opportunity to try the beautiful pool which was refreshing as it was spectacular. Breakfast is a real treat. A trail of delights are on offer from curry to pain au chocolat; banana smoothies to green tea. Take it outside on the famous terrace overlooking the hotel lawns. The hussle and bussle of Delhi can be heard beyond the tranqui heaven that greets one.It was here the partition of India was worked out in 1947. How often can a breakfast venue have that claim to fame. The staff even in the morning are there to assist as best they can. This hotel is a seriously grown up hotel and not aplace for back packers. It deserves the same respect as the very best of European hotels. Try it though if you are on a budget it might not be the place for you. One cannot help by feel somewhat superior as one passes the other delux hotels of Delhi for none have the majesty of the Imperial	
Nov 4 2009 	Great Service	I have visited Delhi last month. It is one of the most memorable tours in my life. When I reached Delhi flying down from my country, I felt the warm spirit of the city. The tree-lined roads first surprised me. I thought it as a city of concrete building, but it vanished when I saw lines of trees on the Delhi roads. I traveled Delhi for a business purpose. After completing my business works, I enjoyed a day-long tour. Really it was nice! I hang out at the India Gate in one evening till 10 am and it was an amazing place. I toured Humayun’s Tomb, Qutub Minar, Red Fort, Chandi Chowk market, Jama Masjid, and many more. I enjoyed a Bollywood movie at a PVR. I ate at some very good restaurants. The typical Indian food is a little bit spicy, but tasty a lot. At this Indian city, I have seen so many European scenes	
Nov 2 2009 	unbelievable	stayed here for 3 weeks in june 2007 and this hotel is amazing. food was great, accommodation was great, staff were great and friendly. except i had money taken from my room and i reckon i know it was a staff cleaner. he basically brought it to my attention. i did nt. pursue as he obviously needed it more than i did. but to stay at this place is a must. a bit pricey but well worth it. the porters out the front were good craic and the 1911 bar was home away from home. the spice route has some fine cuisine and the pool is a great place to relax and listen to the world go by on janpath over the fence. breakfast is also brilliant	
Oct 30 2009 	Flawless	We spent one and a half days in the Imperial after a 2 week trip around Rajasthan. Our short stay here was the icing on the cake of what was one of our best trips ever.Our room was beautiful and I guess particularly appealling after an 18 hour rail trip from Jaisalmer.We loved the pool and spent a large proportion of time in or around it. The food in the restuarant was good but very pricey.All the staff members we came across were utterly charming , helpful and spoke excellent English, as indeed they were in all of our other hotels in India.All in all a wonderful hotel which we would lover to re-visit one day.	
Oct 17 2009 	The Imperial	I have been fortunate enough to stay here many time what a stunning hotel	
Oct 11 2009 	Awful service stay at the Taj	Having spent two weeks travelling around India on honeymoon my wife and I thought we'd stay at the Imperial for our last night. Here is what was wrong:1) Reservations had forgotten that my wife was with me and the room was set up for single occupancy. Having informed that me double occupancy incurs an extra charge, my wife and I still had to share bath robes, towels, slippers, mineral water etc.2) Reception made fuss to say that they would send us cake and flowers as it was our honeymoon - it never arrived. (We stayed at three Taj hotels over the previous 2 weeks and they each gave us a bunch of flowers, chocolates, towels in the shape of swans and a lovely smile).3) Engineering had to be called out twice as there was no hot water in the bathroom. Once at 1am and once at 8am.4) Room was freezing cold, engineer said thermostat didn't allow the room temperature to be above the outside temperature.5) Service is nothing compared to the Taj.The place relies too heavily on its reputation. The room is crammed full of advertising for its shops/services and lists of nominations for awards (just in case you come to realise it's a rip-off). Never again.	
Oct 5 2009 	Don't waste your money	We stayed here for three very forgettable nights, whilst being made feel very unwelcome. Upon check-in we were shown to our room by a mono syllabic receptionist who failed to mention anything about the hotels facilities, breakfast or location. There was some confusion about our booking which the hotel resolved in a very unstaisfactory manner, making us feel most unwelcome. The staff in general were rude and the concierge service was quiet poor - when we asked about flight confirmation, they did not bother to confirm for us and in addition provided wrong information regarding events in the city.On a positive note, the hotel itself is beautful. The rooms are large and comfortable. The pool is the most impressive we've come across - its huge with a great area for sunbathing. There is also a good gym available. This is a nice hotel in a nice location, however the staff let it down badly	
Oct 5 2009 	Experience at Imperial	Stayed there Sep. 09, check in ok, room excellent, floor staff can not fault with attention to detail. Front house staff not very friendly and it seems they need some training for this type of Hotel.Air Conditioning unable to turn down, even engineer had problem with it.Word of warning for travellers paying with credit/debit card , Hotel may charge double on your credit/debit card, and very difficult to recover the charge.	
Oct 5 2009 	A real let down!	Hotel Imperial has always been a synonym for luxury, comfort and old grandeur. Sadly enough we experienced very little of that during our stay last month. To begin with, the hotel was undergoing some maintenance work and the room they gave us was just above where the work was going on! We were truly in for a rude shock. We could just not sleep or rest in the afternoon as the workers were moving the ladders, buckets, etc and talking too loudly. You certainly do not expect this in a five star hotel. The hotel did not provide hair conditioner as part of the bathroom amenities and when we called up the housekeeping we were told that the shampoo provided by the hotel was a “two in one”! Maybe its recession time and one should get used to such tricks but we have never faced such a silly issue in other hotels including far off Taj properties in South India. On the first night the waiter forgot to get half of our room service dinner order as a result of which we had to wait and the food got cold. The waiter never bothered to offer to warm it again. So much for Imperial comfort. Similarly we did not get the room cleaned in the evening service as a result of which the mineral water was not replenished. However when we asked the housekeeping later in the night to send us the complimentary water they said that it will be charged. Again, I find it a trivial issue. Why bother about INR 100-150 when the customer is paying INR 12,000 per night. Besides, we were asking only what was a part of the evening service. In all, it left a bitter taste. Considering that we were return customers we surely did not expect this kind of service from the hotel. I will not return and not recommend this hotel to my friends and family.	
Sep 11 2009 	Good Not Great	We arrived in Delhi at midnight on the Shabati Express from Agra. It wasn’t the Shinkasen but significantly superior to Amtrak. Our excessive luggage received some appropriate disapproving looks from fellow passengers. When will we learn to minimize the trinkets &amp; souvenirs? Once again Peirce &amp; Leslie was there to rescue us with four porters in tow. The few thousand meter walk to our vehicle through the surreal chaos of night-time Delhi is one of my favorite India memories. It was wild. As we were entering the Imperial my son and our escort became quite excited. The stars of “Love Aaj Kal” passed by and gave us a friendly nod &amp; hello. My son, who had been watching Idian TV, told me they were the Brangelina of India. That’s what the Imperial is. It’s the hot-trendy (yet traditional) In Spot. The hotel is beautiful with an outstanding art collection. The public rooms echo Luytens and Busby Berkeley at their best.Check-in was quick and efficient with no standing. I’m not a fan of buffets but the breakfast spread was as varied and tasty as I could have wanted. There was a table of “Asian” fruits and every morning there were a half dozen fruits I’d never seen before. The pastries were the best I’ve ever had. The manager was constantly circulating the large rooms to make sure nothing was amiss – impressive attention to detail and service. We liked the lounge 1911. The servers were excellent, accommodating and we enjoyed talking with them.The gym was a tad small and I couldn’t see any sign of a drink or a bite to be had at the stunning pool. The front of the house at Spice Route had some attitude. Maybe they thought they were the Waverly Inn of Delhi. I cancelled our reservation and instead we enjoyed ourselves at 1911. Our Heritage Suite was very attractive and comfortable. The linens were fine and the Imperial logo was on every piece of cloth in the room. All were available for purchase in the gift store. The rooms had no view. I mean none, a wall out of one window and a pigeon perched on a high ledge out the other. The bathroom had no separate shower and the tub had a shower curtain. I hate shower curtains. It looked like half the rooms were being discretely renovated on our floor. Our suite had most likely been recently redone - quickly. When I plugged in my computer the wall plate pushed through the sheetrock. Our son deemed his room “cozy”. At least he had a sliver of a view and a glass enclosed shower.We enjoyed Delhi and the Imperial was well located to venture out. It’s a first world, capital city, 4.5 star hotel, just a notch below what you would find in NYC, London or Paris. Unfortunately we had been spoiled by Oberoi and Aman. The Imperial’s new GM should spend a few nights at the competition and see what Indian hospitality can be or he can continue to run a beautiful, In Spot that falls short of its potential.	
Sep 8 2009 	Hotel is still fabulous	I got very concerned about our stay at the Imperial, as I had heard from several people that the management of the hotel changed within the past year, and that standards had slipped. The previous manager of the Imperial is currently the manager of Raffles Singapore. So, I approached the Imperial with some trepidation. I was really pleasantly surprised. If the hotel was indeed better in years past, it must have been truly awesome, because it is a still a magnificentt place to stay.The interior of the hotel is memorable. I think the hallways are really the best of any hotel that I have ever stayed in. Marble floors and walls lined with antique prints make going to your room a wonderful and interesting experience. I learned so much just looking at the hundreds of prints on the walls. And the rooms were quite beautiful as well, with spacious showers and nice toiletries (although NO hair conditioner...one of my pet peeves....)True, our room had no view to speak of . The windows in the old part of the hotel are quite small, and as mentioned by another reviewer, there is extensive work going on one side of the Imperial. There are some shanty-type buildings outside, where workers do sleep. The hotel promised that the work would be quiet, and I would have to say that it was. And I didn't have any issues with privacy from the work area, although I was aware that there were people out there. There was extensive screening from the rooms, although this wasn't necessarily very attractive. All in all, I didn't find the work area to be an issue.After a hot day in Delhi, the Imperial's pool is quite a treat. I didn't notice fumes, as mentioned by one reviewer. There is a large generator overlooking the pool, that did make noise, but it wasn't a problem. The pool is huge with magnificent fountains and lovely gardens surrounding it. The pool is a memorable part of the Imperial experience.We made extensive use of the cars and drivers at the hotel, and found them to be excellent. One of the drivers took us to Agra, and if you are familiar with Indian roads, you will know that this is quite a wild trip in some respects. In Agra, there is almost no adherence to any traffic laws. The Imperial's driver was great, and made us feel very safe in the midst of the lawlessness!Also, the concierge at the hotel got us a tour guide for Delhi with about 45 minutes lead time. The guide was incredible, with a master's degree in history. Such an intelligent and knowledgeable guy.....I was impressed that the Imperial could get hold of someone like that with such short notice, and at a very moderate price. So we were impressed by the concierge service at the hotel.Oh, and the breakfast buffet at the Imperial in the 1911 restaurant is fantastic. Lots of variety of high quality food in a stunning setting. Don't miss it!So, I would have to say that our stay at the Imerial was quite exceptional in many respects. I mean, why stay in the bland 60s style box hotels in New Delhi when you can stay in this historic and elegant place. The only other place in Delhi I would be tempted to stay is the Aman, and that just didn't work as well for our party this time. Imperial all the way.	
Aug 29 2009 	Classic and Elegant	We had the privelege of ending our India tour at the Colonial Hotel. We were pleased to be upgraded to a suite. The suite was classic in furnshings and had a wonderful bathroom. There was no view, but I believe that is true of all the rooms due to it's location.The pool was a nice place to relax, however noxious fumes from the gas station next door was often in the air.The Italian restaurant was first rate, whereas the Silk Road restaurant served mediocre cuisine. All the bars are very interesting and unique in their own style.	
Aug 28 2009 	Amazing	We stayed at the Imperial twice, when we first touched down in India and when we were due to leave, and I must say that this hotel is simply magnificent. An oasis of peace in the center of crazy Delhi with a great mixture of colonial style with ultra modern chic.The rooms were amazing, and the staff managed a perfect level of service, being present whenever needed without the usual intrusiveness that we found in other hotels in India...The pool was fantastic and the cocktails divine and high tea is an absolute must!To cap it all, they noticed it was my partners birthday and left a surprise cake in the room (giving me total kudos!).	
Aug 26 2009 	Unforgettable experience with Imperial Delhi	I travelled to delhi in Jan 2009 and stayed in Imperial Hotel Delhi. I found it so comfortable and it was my marvalous stay there. http://www.indiaprofile.com/new-delhi-hotels/imperial.html	
Aug 25 2009 	stylish and sophisticated	Beautiful place in the shopping/entertaintment area, close to Conaught place (restoraunts, fast food, shopping, cinemas).	
Aug 19 2009 	Amazing - Simply perfect	One of the best experience I've ever had in a big city. So quiet compare with the overexciting athmosphere of the street. And so luxury with one of the best Thai restaurant inside. Expensive like any other 5 stars luxury, but real great experience.	
Aug 19 2009 	disgrace to the word luxury	Please avoid this hotel; it is indeed a disgrace to the world luxury. Its very expensive in terms of internet, meal and room facilities--its got bad water from drying river Yamuna, not been filtered and part of feces were seen in the sink water. STD calls are way more expensive than what another hotel would charge. Staff is polite, but they are helpless. The walls are plastered with photos etc. claiming to be historical ones, however they are artificially produced and are misleading in character and its veracity. The meals are very very poor quality. Ordered Indian food, it was very poorly made and was tasteless, as the flour they used was not of good quality. Please avoid this place	
Aug 16 2009 	Solid hotel if you get upgraded rooms.	Stayed at The Imperial twice in 5 days. The first stay got upgraded to a Heritage Room which was spacious and well equipped... decent size bathroom. The second stay got an art deco room which was half of the size of Heritage Room... that's when all the problems started. First call was to fix the lukewarm water from the shower. Second call was for someone to get rid of the mosquitos flying around the room. They came in and sprayed insecticide into room which made the room smelled. So, overall, the experience at The Imperial was very uneven.	
Aug 10 2009 	Watch out for touts when you leave the hotel on foot	When you walk out the gate of the hotel to look at the shops on Jan Path road or go to the emporium handicraft house right across the road there will be rickshaw drivers hassling you and sending you deliberately in the wrong direction so they can get commission by &quot;helping&quot; you find the right store.Ignore them and be firm. They can be quite overwhelming and even aggressive. If you can't shake them just shout out for one of the several guards standing at the gate of the hotel.I mention this because my wife fell for the scheme and was taken to some obscure shop several blocks away. A potential hazard !	
Jul 30 2009 	Poorly managed property with wasted potential	This property has beautiful artwork, a great breakfast buffet, a good swimming pool, friendly people to welcome you at the front door, and that's about it. It fancies itself as a world class hotel, but it cheaps it out at every corner. From excessive internet charges (when the wireless doesn't even work with Dell computers...huh??) to maintenance work in the main hallway in the middle of the day, The Imperial does not know how to make a guest feel at home. My wife and I arrived to find that the booking we thought we'd made online, incl. wireless, airport transfers, and breakfast, was actually something -- room only. Not only that, we were stuck in a tiny corner room overlooking a construction site/tent village where workers were looking up into our room. There was also a hanging lamp that was about to fall out from a rotted hole in the ceiling. When we asked to be moved, we were told that we could not, even though another employee had told us the hotel was only half full. The location of the hotel is also hardly serene. On the first night, I wanted to take out cash from an ATM, which the hotel did not have. I was told by the front desk to walk a couple hundred yards to the nearest one. When I walked out the front gate, I was immediately stepping over dozens of people lying on the sidewalks. Meanwhile, the numerous hotel security guards at the gates just looked at me dumbfoundedly without thinking to point me in the right direction or warn me that it might not be a great idea. There are plenty of other luxury hotels to choose from in New Delhi, so stay away from the Imperial. It is hard to feel resentful at a place as beautiful as The Imperial, but somehow management has figured out how to make that happen.	
Jul 29 2009 	Excellent hotel best staff 	Great hotel, impeccable decor and beautiful rooms. Staff are all excellent, friendly and efficient. Have stayed 6 times in past year and it gets better. Gym could be better. Pool is excellent as is location.	
Jul 27 2009 	nicest hotel I have every stayed in	Lovely lovely hotel, everything about it was amazing. I think the pool was my favorite part-amazing saline pool, really amazing. The rooms, service and decor hotelwide was such a treat and the brunch was out of this world. Totally a decadent treat to be able to stay here. The location was great, just down the block from CP and across the street from the cottage industry emporium. Great shopping. I loved Delhi a beautiful city, well planned out and full of sights, sounds and shopping delights. I loved the whole experience. Cannot wait to go back.	
Jul 27 2009 	terrible service	My husband and i stayed at this hotel a few months ago and were quite disappointed with the level of service both at check-in and breakfast. The hotel's common areas are beautiful and unique but somehow this does not make up for the aloof attitude of the staff. The waiters at breakfast were very slow and took more than 10 minutes to even hand out the menus and sometimes they did not even do so and we had to ask for the menus several times. We saw other guests complaining on this also. We regularly stay in five star hotels in India and around the world (Oberoi - where service is excellent), Taj, Park Hyatt, Ritz, Plaza Athenee etc) and for us this level of service is simply unacceptable . The rooms are ok except for the bathrooms which are not up to five star standard. The Spice restaurant was of a decent standard but was not up to expectations.	
Jul 22 2009 	Gorgeous luxury hotel - highly recommended	This really is a beautiful hotel. The pubic areas are stunning and everywhere you go you can smell jasmine.We stayed on two separate occassions, once while we were on business and the second time on our return from a tour of the Golden Triangle which was organised through Castle and King Inc, based in New Delhi and they were excellent. It was Castle and King who recommended The Imperial to us.On the first stay we were in a Heritage Room, it was very large and elegant. I loved the soft quilted slippers and crisp crested bedlinen. We had drinks in the Atrium and although not cheap were generous and the nuts and nibbles were frequently topped up (so unlike hotels in England).  We had dinner in The Spice Route which was excellent and the service very good. Despite our Indian business associates telling us not to order Indian wine, we did and the white especialy was very palletable.I went for an early morning swim (at 7am) in the pool and it lovely, the beds were already out and the pool attendant was attentive without being intrusive.On our second stay we stayed in a Deco Suite which was also lovely, the only thing was the floor was in the process of being decorated and the gorgeous smell of Jasmine was over powered by the awful smell of paint. As we were only there for one night it didn't matter much though.I would thoroughly recommend this hotel - it is steeped in history and is quite stunning. I have stayed in many lovely hotels but this (and the Rambugh Palace in Jaipur) are my favourites.I would go back in a shot.	
Jul 22 2009 	Colonial Style!	The Imperial New Delhi is a fantastic sanctuary in a dirty messy and sad city.....As soon as the gate closed behind us we could relax, and checked in to very comfortable rooms with all the necessary amenities.The style of the hotel is true colonial, with a 1920`s decor. You really feel set back in time at the hotel, and everything is well maintained. The lunch buffet at the hotel was one of the best ever, with a fantastic choice of salads, charcutterie, bread, and all kinds of cakes and dessert!!! We sat outside on the terrace, very stylish! Only &quot;drawback&quot; is the view over the street, with the very sad Indian streetlife..... But I guess that is a part of New Delhi you have to deal with...All in all, a perfect place for a &quot;hideaway&quot; from New Delhi, in New Delhi....!	
Jul 18 2009 	Classy and stylish - a true Jewel in the Crown	Prepare to take a trip back in time and enjoy delightful service and an amazing colonial decor. The hotel pays so much attention to detail, it really shows. Fresh flowers everywhere, and a nice scent with aromatic oils in all the hallways. Room incredibly comfortable and classy. Wide array of restaurants and bars, I had lunch at 1911, very good, and dinner at the Spice Route (for all the hype surrounding it, I wasn't too impressed). Only downside: it doesn't have a spa.In short: lovely, luxurious hotel, a real oasis.	
Jun 23 2009 	oasis of calm but not while we were there	luxury hotel in centre of delhi. Excellent service and wonderful art. Indian restaurant was superb, buffet breakfast OK. Our real problem was the development work outside our window. we had to change rooms in the middle of the night because of it. However, the hotel management acted quickly and efficiently to put things right	
Jun 18 2009 	Great hotel but here's some advice	I'm not going to bore you with details of how good this hotel, as everyone else have already done this for me. Instead here's a little bit of advice.1. Don't bother to book a hotel car through hotel reception. All the drivers will ferry you around privately (in luxury hotel cars) for half the price if asked (10 quid an hour)2. If you travel to the Taj Mahal in a hotel car, don't bother to pay for a packed lunch. While the food is fantastic quality, they don't put it on ice in the boot of the car. By lunch time it's red hot. And hot smoked salmon isn't a good idea!3. Daniel's Tavern is a great curry house, do don't be put off by the name.4. The hotel bar does a great White Russian.5. Every hotel driver we used (whether they be in a Mercedes or a green, yellow and black Hindustan) work for commission. If you buy something in a shop that they take you to, they get a cut. That's fine in principal, but the problem is that the places they take you to charge twice as much as everywhere else. 6. If you give money to a beggar through your car window, the car will suddenly get swamped with more beggars. Very disturbing!	
Jun 17 2009 	Truly excellent!	My room rate included transfers from the airport to hotel. When we arrived at the hotel we were met at the entrance and escorted to Reception, where the receptionist already had the check-in paperwork waiting. This initial experience was typical of the first rate service that we received throughout our stay. Staff tried to anticipate our needs as well as complying quickly with any request we made. The same desire to anticipate every need was evident in the room, which was immaculate. The public areas are also beautifully maintained. The food is also wonderful, particularly in 1911 (one of the restaurants). There is a small internal courtyard in front of the Spice Route and Daniell's restaurants where drinks are served and which is a wonderful place to relax. I went to New Delhi on business but will definitely return to the Imperial for a holiday.	
Jun 10 2009 	Loved the property	The hotel is is in the heart of the city.....to start with. It has a beautiful propoerty that reminds you of the English era, the food is awesome and the service is unbeatable. I will reccomned this to all.......	
Jun 9 2009 	The place to stay in Delhi... if you have money!	We stayed in the Imperial as a treat as it was our last stop before returning home from our travels. It was way above what we would normally spend on a hotel and I was a little anxious about the expense.And it is a lot of money. But at the same time, it is considerably cheaper than its equivalents in Western capitals. Everything is so well finished - the lobby, the rooms and the dining areas are all immaculate and have an understated elegance. The service is exemplary, from the moment the door is opened from you and your bags are taken by the bellhop, to the people on reception and in the dining areas. We had breakfast included and this covered a very wide variety of foods, including surprisingly good pastries, lots of different fruits and the usual made to order egg station. I was also pleased as we were upgraded from a room to a suite. The suite was lovely, with two widescreen TVs and two bathrooms. The whole experience made you feel special and pampered, and if this is what you're looking for the Imperial is the place to be.	
Jun 8 2009 	Loved the scent	Just too good fragrance all around ,it gives a perfect environment to relax.Food too good one needs to try the prawns dishes,i also liked the gazals that were played.Rooms very relaxing and just perfect to stay.The surrondings and shops also quite good	
Jun 6 2009 	A beautiful hotel	A stately hotel with an impressive facade and interiors. Lovely rooms, great pool, breakfast!	
Jun 5 2009 	Best Hotel	I had stayed with Imperial a couple of times. I visit Delhi freqquently for official work. The property is just great, rooms are superb.good service..would recommend all.	
May 18 2009 	Gorgeous gracious retreat in a perfect central location	We stayed in an Imperial room (the lowest room category) for three nights in May. The hotel is not inexpensive, but with a discounted internet rate we felt it was very good value for money. Pros: Central location, yet peaceful. Gorgeous public spaces and facilities, from restaurants and bars to pool. Spacious room with high ceiling, beautiful decor, large dressing area and nary a peep from the neighbors. Generous bathroom amenities, complimentary bottled water and fresh fruit renewed each day. Great housekeeping. Great breakfast buffet. Superb, friendly service from airport pickup to front desk and porters to the rest of the vast staff that keeps a place like this running seamlessly at all times. Cons: Not one that I can think of! India is wonderful but sometimes challenging for a Western visitor. After a long block of sightseeing, coming back to the Imperial was like exhaling deeply; there, everything is easy! Every little request was taken care of immediately and with good cheer; everything is beautifully maintained and scented with jasmine; the a.c. (backed up by what must be an enormous generator) works wonders even when others in the city are suffering power outages. Best of all, though, were the staff. Other hotels seem to struggle to strike the right note with service. The Imperial delivered the perfect balance of solicitude without obsequiousness; correctness without overformality or snobbishness; total warmth and grace. And they made it look effortless! We will definitely return.	
Apr 28 2009 	Fragrant luxury in the heart of Delhi	We visited the property for two nights in December a couple of weeks after the Mumbai attacks. Christmas parties were in full swing and the security was cursory and shambolic. However the first impression on entering the lobby is of a luxurious fragrant oasis in the heart of the city. The rooms are comfortable, there are plenty of dining choices (the children enjoyed the Italian restaurant) and the pool looks inviting. I would go back but would prefer a more thorough security process such as those adopted by the hotel chains caught up in the attacks.	
Apr 26 2009 	Opulence at its best!	As always, The Imperial Hotel in Delhi sets the standards for hotel industries world wide!! We travel a lot all over the world, and this hotel still remains our most favourite of places to stay for quality, staff, service, opulence and well being. Although pricey for some, at US$200 per night, it is reasonably priced for five star service in India and everything is awe inspiring! The staff are long term employees who know how to provide for your every need and go out of their way to make you feel special. From arriving at the entrance where their uniforms take you back to the Maharajas, to walking through the foyer where the flower displays (changed fortnightly) are artistic creations and found throughout the hotel, but the most impressive of all is the marble flooring - stunning patterns and immaculate tiling! The British Colonialism oozes of early 1900s with photos adorning all walls of those days - the history is amazing. You walk the corridors feeling as if you are part of that era. The artwork on the stairwells and passageways to the rooms keep you entertained every time you pass by, and the furniture down the corridors are of the time and place gone by. All rooms are opulence with class, and the fine Victorian styled decor sets it apart from the rest. It is always a pleasure to return to this hotel - whether for a meal (although expensive!) with a wide choice of restaurants, to stroll the gardens and corridors, or to just lap up the luxury of a top class hotel with impeccable service, smiles and to live the era of the 1900s, time after time!	
Apr 21 2009 	The Imperial - one of the best hotels in the world	My wife and I stayed at the Imperial for one night at the start of our two week tour of Rajasthan. Having stayed there on business for a couple of weeks in 2007, I was keen that my wife experience the Imperial's elegance and service and it didn't disappoint. Everything from the hotel pick-up to the breakfast selection was excellent and although drinks prices are expensive they are no more than you expect from a 5 star hotel.The Imperial is also very well located with the main Delhi 'cottage industries' emporium directly opposite (you just have to brave the taxi drivers outside the hotel who tell you it's closed!). I recommend Chor Bizarre for an evening meal (in Old Delhi at the Hotel Broadway and has excellent North Indian Food) and Dilli Haat for a slightly touristy but nonetheless enjoyable shopping experience - the fact that there's a small entrance fee means you aren't pestered by touts and beggars.	
Apr 13 2009 	Declined since last visit	I stayed here a couple of years ago and loved it but this time it just wasn't as great. The concierge was ok but not particularly helpful whereas last time he couldn't do enough for us and was excellent at helping us plan our stay. The room &quot;overlooking the pool&quot; was in fact looking at trees (which if you looked carefully enough you could glimpse the pool) and a building site. The bathroom which is huge had no separate shower and the cleaning wasn't that great - the toilet needed a good scrub! Dinner at 1911 was fine but nothing special and the cocktails in the bar weren't great at all. It also lacked much atmosphere which is very different to my last visit. One thing to point out that I didn't really focus on last time was the &quot;spa&quot;. It's not a spa, it's a hair salon that does manicures and pedicures and has a storage room that doubles for a treatment room if you want a massage. It's very old and dated and grubby - the foot massage and pedicures are very good though - and not at all like a relaxing spa that you might imagine in such a hotel. Overall it's still a good hotel but standards seem to have slipped somewhat	
Apr 11 2009 	Pure luxury!	I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights with my wife and son. We had a really good time, and we enjoyed really ourselves. The hotel is one of the bests options of accomodations in Delhi, beacause it is a colonial style, perfect for staying in India.The room was absolutely perfect, very clean and very big. We had shower and bath. Also, we had breakfast which was quite good.If I went back to Delhi, I would go to the imperial, without any doubt.	
Apr 7 2009 	lovely	i stayed at the imperial with my son and friend and enjoyed it very much...we were given jr. suites as an upgrade..they were lovely..very charming..well done...the hotel has alot of beautiful paintings and drawings of india which are wonderful to look at..the staff was very good...the pool was a nice place to be after the busy city life...we enjoyed the restaurants also..very good food...	
Apr 6 2009 	excellent hotel excellent location	a really good hotel with everything you could want. Not quite as stunning as the Rambaugh Palace or the Oberoi Amarvillas but extrmely good for a city centre hotel. The hotel tour is well worth taking - lots of history. The location is perfecty - half way between Caunaught Place and India Gate. The business centre is efficient although the internet connection is a bit slow. Food was terrific and the service was excellent - a great refuge from the hustle of Delhi - the only place in Indai where a tip was refused!!The only downside was that the swimming pool area wasn't the most attractive and got a bit crowded in the late afternoon.	
Apr 2 2009 	Quite simply stunning	I have stayed at The Imperial a number of times and it is quite simply one of the most stunning hotels I have ever set foot in. The service is impreccable, as is the hotel, its surroundings and food. It has one of the best restaurants in the world (The Spice Route) as well as one of the most lavish bars (I would recommend pre dinner sundowners on the lawns). If you can drag yourself away from the hotel you'll find that it is centrally located for one of Delhi's most pretigious shopping districts (Cannought Place). There is also a shopping emporium across the road from the hotel which is well worth a visit. Overall I cannot recommend this hotel enough.	
Mar 30 2009 	Wonderful hotel	This is an absolutely beautiful hotel. Everything gleams and there is a lovely jasmine scent everywhere. They upgraded us one category (from the basic Imperial room to a Heritage room) and it was gorgeous. Exactly like in the hotel's photos (in fact it was even better! ) and how often can you say that ? Room #30 was spacious enough that I don't think there is any need to book a suite. Yes, there was no view and the fruit plate was tiny, but that's about it for the negatives. The hotel is an amazing museum of art from the East India Company period, and we thoroughly enjoyed strolling the corridors viewing the many pictures. The Spice Route restaurant is fabulous to see, but I didn't find the food particularly special (but then, we have great Asian food in Vancouver). The buffet breakfast in the 1911 restaurant was fine, and not expensive for a 5* hotel. The service in both restaurants was adequate, though nowhere near as good as the Rambagh Palace (Jaipur) or the Amarvilas(Agra). Locationwise, the Imperial is great for tourists, very central for all the sightseeing, and only 5 min. from the New Delhi railway station, therefore easy to catch the 6 am Shatabdi express (highly recommend !) to Agra &amp; the Taj Mahal.I chose my accommodations in India with a bias towards historical significance, and the Imperial did not disappoint. For the price of a highend, cookie-cutter chain hotel room in North America I got a unique, stunning hotel full of Old World charm with luxury to boot. I would happily return to this Delhi landmark.	
Mar 20 2009 	Very high quality class act	My wife and I started our visit to India with three nights at the Imperial. The name fits the place. The hotel is elegant and sophisticated, with a well-developed air of the old British era in India. We were booked in a very spacious suite, with a very large living room, bedroom large enough to hold a very comfortable king bed and some additional small pieces of furniture, a small sitting area with desk near the closet, and a pleasant and good-sized bathroom. While very comfortable, the room didn't strike us as really &quot;special.&quot; The furnishings were perfectly fine but &quot;unexciting&quot;, less interesting and attractive than we found in most of our other hotels. There were two minor drawbacks: We had only a single, relatively small window, and it looked out toward another wall of the hotel; and the plumbing was such that water going down the drain made a loud sound as it exited our room. Staff were very pleasant and attentive (true everywhere we visited). The breakfast buffet was outstanding, something we found to be characteristic of the 5-star hotels at which we stayed, and we enjoyed both the Asian and Indian restaurants. Our meal in the Spice Route (Asian) was quite good if not as outstanding as we might have expected, given its reputation. Our meal in the Indian restaurant actually wasn't that tasty, although I attribute that to the selections we made (selected actually by our guests, a colleague from New Delhi and her husband). The atmosphere in both was outstanding. The hotel is filled with drawings from the British era, many quite interesting, plus several remarkable floral arrangements, including in the lobby. Incidentally, a tip for touring in Delhi: When in Old Delhi, make sure to take a bicycle-drawn rickshaw ride through the market area. The crowds, the colors, the noise, the smells - it all combines into a seemingly well-orchestrated chaos, a truly memorable assault on all the senses. That was one of the major highlights of a great trip to India, filled with highlights.	
Mar 20 2009 	A beautiful hotel	We stayed at the Imperial for a blissful week. It is a beautiful 1930s hotel which is well run and in excellent condition. There are many delightful architectural features (e.g. internal courtyards with fountains) and the jasmin-scented corridors are decorated with delightful pictures - our corridor had tinted prints of rock-cut temples in the south of India which gave us the idea for another trip!Breakfast was excellent and a real pleasure to enjoy on the shaded terrace. We ate at all of the restaurants: the 1911 (Brasserie), San Gimigniano (Italian), Daniell's Tavern(Indian with music) and the famous Spice Route (South-East Asian). All were good, with the Italian restaurant particularly enjoyable.The staff everywhere were very pleasant and helpful.We visited a number of other 5 star hotels for drinks and meals (including the Taj) and never felt that we had stayed at the wrong place. All in all, good value for money.	
Mar 5 2009 	Disappointing accommodation. Disgusting breakfast beverages.	Disappointing room: Dark,smelly and overlooking a construction site! Yes, on arriving from London at 3am we were shown to our twin-bedded room on the 1st floor, which really stank of stale tobacco smoke. We immediately asked for a transfer to another room, which was across the corridor; this seemed smaller than the first one but it did not stink. In the morning in the light of day, we pulled back the curtains to see that or room overlooked a construction site, with huts, earth moving machinery and rubble. Of course we asked to be moved again, but were told (despite insisting several times) that there were no other rooms available. (This I do not believe). Only two nights later, just before the day we were due to leave were we told there was another room available. For the record, all the windows in The Imperial appear to be small. Perhaps it was built as a fort in the 19th century but the effect is to let in very little daylight and the bedroom was dark and dingy. All very disappointing for my wife as it was her first trip to India and I had told her about my previous 3 stays at the Imperial with its lovely old-fashioned neo colonial atmosphere and historic 19th century ambiance. Unfortunately, since my last stay in 2003, the hotel has undergone a complete refurbishment and although they have retained most of the features as they were before, somehow much ofthe old somewhat-faded atmosphere appears to have been lost. Before, The Imperial was truly unique, now it is more like any other luxury hotel and something of the former charm has been lost in the process. One final thing. If you look forward to a nice cup of coffee or tea with your breakfast, forget it! Both my wife and I agreed that the coffee and breakfast tea was the most disgusting we had tasted anywhere, ever. So bring your own instant and tea bagsif you want a half decent cuppa. David S Baber, London March 5th 2009	
Mar 4 2009 	Great historic hotel	I stayed at the Imperial Hotel while visiting Delhi in transit to Bhutan...The hotel is very centrally located...Close to the Red Fort and Parliament...The hotel is very traditional and finished in a colonial fashion...It has all modern amenities (small gym and business center) as well as very good restaurants...The Spice Route restaurant was excellent and regarded as one of the best restauarants in India...The staff are very friendly, particularly the Sikh doormen,and the concierge was responsive to our pre-arrival requests...While in Delhi we also ate at the restaurant Bukhara, located at the ITC Sheraton, and thought that it lived up to its reputation as one of the best restaurants in Asia...Bukhara had the best Indian food we have eaten, particularly if you like grilled meats...If you are looking for a traditional hotel in Delhi, the Imperial is your choice.	
Mar 2 2009 	Elegance and Comfort in a Great Location	My husband and I, and another couple, stayed at the Imperial Hotel for 3 nights in February. The hotel exceeded our expectations in all respects. The king beds were so comfortable, the rooms were elegantly decorated, and the bathrooms were modern and spacious. One of our favorite parts of the hotel was the amazing breakfast every morning. They had everything from an omelette station to a smoothie and cereal bar, to delicious pastries and breads. One of the nights, we ate at the Spice Route in the hotel. Again, delicious food, impeccable service, and quite the decor.We all highly recommend this hotel for many reasons, and without a doubt, we would stay here again!	
Feb 27 2009 	Beautiful Old Hotel	My husband had a conference in Delhi, so I came with him for a leisurely vacation. The room was beautiful, with marble floors and a great, big double armoire instead of a closet. All the sleeping rooms, as well as lobby and hallways are floral scented from oil burners (I think to counteract the smell from air pollution). There is fresh fruit in the room as well as complementary bottled water.My first time in India, and I got sick as a dog. The room service staff was very good to me, taking my requests for specific food items not on the menu and suggesting things that would be easy on my stomach.	
Feb 25 2009 	Beautiful hotel amazing service an oasis in the mayhem.	I travel to New Delhi twice a year on business and have been lucky ebough t stay at The Imperial for most of these trips. It is always a delight to come back to. A much needed home from home and an oasis of beauty and calm after the frenetic activities of the day.The service is superb, making sure that all your comforts are met. All of the staff are incredibly helpful and polite. I have been upgraded to a Superior room a few times so if you are staying for a while it's worth asking. The Imperial is becoming more and more exclusive and I hope that it does not lose its old colonial regal charm. There is now a new very extravagant but beautiful pool and a spa is being built, it will benefit form this as at the moment the sap facilities are somewhat limited.The Imperial offers a range of restaurants the best of which is the beautiful Spice Route.If you can afford to splash out stay here and enjoy the smell of jasmine that pemeates throghout!	
Feb 9 2009 	Exceptional ambience	In the madness of Delhi, this hotel is an oasis. Fastidiously maintained, you wander in awe of the British Empire. Spice Route, the restaurant, is excellent. A memorable experience.	
Feb 1 2009 	disappointing	Grand, comfortable public areas. (Room 148) Marble on bedroom floor with dark furniture and small windows. Overlooked ancillary area meant curtains had to be drawn for privacy and loud noise early a.m. Toilet did not work properly had to get a plumber to sort.Bar very masculine, lack of relaxed seating. Not great for single traveller.Italian restaurant fab but extortionate. 1911 pleasant for meals.Breakfast very good but service poor second morning.Had a Swedish massage in salon. Specifically requested not almond oil. Guess what, not only did i have almond oil but the masseur slathered so much on me you could have fried fish and chips for a 1000 with it! Better than the Shangri La. Prefer Trident Gurgaon or Oberoi	
Jan 31 2009 	Lovely Hotel!	This hotel is lovely! The rooms are very comfortable with lovely big bathrooms. We tried 2 of the restaurants, The Spice Route and Daniell's Tavern. The food was OK in each of them but the service was exceptionally slow and forgetful. The restaurants were also freezing! The bars are lovely in the hotel and I did have one of the nicest Mango Daiquiris I had had in India. I was disappointed to discover the swimming pool was closed especially as we had had no prior notification of this. I would stay here again though but I probably wouldn't eat here.	
Jan 29 2009 	A Great Way to Begin Our Whirlwind Tour of India!	After a trek in Northern India, we returned to Delhi to begin a whirlwind sightseeing tour of 5 cities in 7 days. From our initial greeting by the doorman and throughout our stay the service was prompt and professional, our room spacious and well-appointed, and the meals we had at 1911 (I could have eaten the dhal Imperial for every meal!) and The Spice Route were the best of our trip. All our days were spent sightseeing, so we did not have a chance to explore the pool or outdoor areas of the hotel. On our way back to the U.S. through Delhi we booked a day-room at the Imperial (they stored all of our trekking gear for a week), which definitely exceeded our expectations - it was on the lower floor and although small, had all of the amenities we needed.	
Jan 28 2009 	Jasmine scented splendor	The Imperial was the final stop for our last two nights in India. It was something we were looking forward to a great deal. The reception area and flower arrangements throughout the hotel are stunning. The smell of jasmine runs through the whole hotel and creates a real sense of serenity and well being. The hotel is impeccably clean, our room was very comfortable and we enjoyed every minute of it. However. 1) One day we were there was Republic Day. We had booked our room months in advance and a courtesy note to advice us of the disruption the day would cause should have been sent - they had our email address i.e. all the shops and main attractions were shut and it's a 'dry' day. They could have used it as an opportunity to get tickets for us. 2) The swimming pool area was completely under repair and having a massive overhaul which was a big disappointment - we should have been forewarned about this and potentially an incentive to still stay at the hotel provided i.e. a drink in the bar, or a concession towards a spa treatment, for example. 3) This is not the hotel's fault, but, one evening in the Italian restaurant our meal was pretty much ruined by a bitter old American who complained about absolutely everything and was extremely rude to the staff for a prolonged period. It does give some indication of the 'types' of people who stay here i.e. those who like to get their own way and do not consider others because they are so rich. - It just left the evening a bit tainted when it was a treat for us to be there. 4) I was surprised at the room rate that breakfast wasn't included. It's pretty expensive - it's a buffet, so just eat and eat to get your money's worth!!	
Jan 28 2009 	Fantastic Hotel - Probably the best in Delhi	A fantastic hotel. Everything about it was great.The interiors of the hotel are fantastic. Everything was designed to a very elegant taste, really British Imperial Time.The rooms are very spacious, nicely decorated. All the amenities are there and are of the top quality.The service is quick and efficient. We tried what is supposedly the best restaurant in Delhi &quot;The Spice Route&quot; and we were quite disappointed by how regular the food was.That was the only down side of the hotel. Other than that, it was a fantastic stay and would definitely go there again if we are in Delhi.	
Jan 18 2009 	Grand old lady	Grand old lady with some really nice art deco touches. Feels very British imperial, although elements have been modernized. Some good restaurants and excellent service. Drawbacks - the swimming pool is right one hedge away from one of the noisiest road junctions in Delhi. Do not stay here if you are intending to relax by the pool. My room looked onto the reception, not something everyone would care for.	
Jan 16 2009 	An excellent place to decompress upon arrival into India!	This is one very gracious hotel with a most accommodating staff. Rooms are lovely and calming and I was so happy I had my first three nights here before my seven-week tour of India. Breakfast buffet was plentiful but the Sunday brunch at 2100 rupees (USD $43) was a bit pricey for the uninspiring food choices. Nonetheless I'd stay at this hotel anytime again.	
Jan 14 2009 	Disappointing Experience	This was our second trip to India and the Imperial and unfortunately disappointing. Service standards have slipped, a disappointing dinner at the hotel restaurant San Gimignano, cold room service breakfast and no hot water in the morning for our shower. Given the high room rate, I would suggest trying elsewhere in Delhi.	
Jan 13 2009 	Grande Dame with a strong lack of atmosphere	The Imperial is truly a grand and mythic hotel. One of those you want to stay at least once even if everybody knows there are sme better in town.Usually, when you stay once, you cannot imagine going anywhere else afterwards for your next stays. This works with the Raffles in Singapore or the Oriental in Bangkok. But there, with the Imperial, my next stay might let me try the Oberoi or, of course, the opening Aman Delhi!The Imperial is a wonderfull building plenty of memorabilia of old India - sometimes, you do not understand how this can be possible without being shocking for Indian citizens... Public areas are a bit glitzzy but let us think this is due to recent renovation.The overall staff is friendly and respectful. And they have an excellent Thai restaurant with a top service. The bar is really enjoyable as well even if they might learn to make less sweet cocktails (my Singapore sling was more into syrup than any alcohol).The service at the airport is excellent as well and we did not have anything to do until accessing the airport lounge. That is perfect.Then come the many issues which make the Imperial a faded glory.The spa, first : NO SPA!!!!!!!!!! Even no indoor pool in a frozen city for January! Can you believe this. I cannot imagine coming there in Summer...Then, the rooms. We stayed two times at the Imperial (at our arrival in India, then 10 days later). We had very nice suites (Heritage and Art Deco) and I do thank management for the upgrades. Those suites are nice but bathrooms need a serious modernization: only one lavabo! No conditioner! As welcome gift: few fruits. These are details but we are speaking of world top hotels there...Relation with money is tricky: after checking out, I wanted to post a postcard. I was asked for the 20 rupiahs!!!! while in the room waiting for the bellmen to pick up our luggage, an employee entered the room and check three times the minibar, then call the reception to say what we took away - of course he did ask for permission to use the phone!!!Finally, security is a big joke. As a VIP guest, the security manager asked me who I am - all staff members had my picture before... At the entrance, we are asked to go through a security gate: when ringing, they do not go into deeper examination...The Imperial is a really beautiful hotel with many &quot;but&quot;. I hope its management will act to improve it.	
Jan 12 2009 	Awesome Experience at the Imperial Delhi	We stayed at the Imperial in December 2009 right after Christmas. We checked in late after our international flight and the staff was as friendly as could be. They even gave a wrapped present to our children. There was a fruit basket waiting and a welcome note. The room was huge and the bathroom was gorgeous! We really enjoyed the hotel--we enjoyed room service and the Spice route--as well as dinner at the Coffee Shop--it was a very pleasant experience. we will be back!	
Jan 8 2009	Truly deserving of it's world class reputation	We have just returned from a 10 day trip to India which involved a 2 night stay at this hotel. It is truly one of the most exceptional hotels I have ever stayed in. The drive from the airport to the centre of Delhi can be a bit of a culture shock if you're not used to India ( if you call the hotel they will have a driver pick you up from the airport..I would recommend this ! ). You arrive at the oasis of calm that is The Imperial. We were shown to our room and told that we had been upgraded as it was our anniversary : the door opened into the most amazing suite, all marble, cream sofas, fresh flowers, a corridor leading to the bedroom and beautiful bathroom. Then there was a knock on the door and they produced a bottle of champagne and a cake, with a note wishing us Happy Anniversary. There are 4 restaurants, and the 2 we ate at were both great. We had a hotel driver take us out for the afternoon to give us a quick tour. he was knowledgeable, interesting and in total it only cost about £30. Service from start to finish was 5 star and I was truly sorry to leave. Cannot recommend more highly.	
Dec 27 2008 	Wonderful	This is a sumptuous hotel which is extremely well managed. The attentive, polite and pleasant staff are in no way intrusive. They laid on a stunning welcome for us when they realised that it was our 25th Wedding Anniversary. On our two visits this year we had a heritage suite and a heritage room both of which were exceptional. The swimming pool is like something out of a Busby Berkeley movie. I had it to myself one morning!We have eaten at the 1911 Terrace restaurant and found it excellent but we found the much vaunted Spice Route restaurant a let-down. Perhaps it was just an off-night. I have to say though that the hotel management have actually written to us at home in England to apologise for our visit to the Spice Route after we mentioned our disappointment casually to our driver as he took us to the station. Now that is customer service.	
Dec 27 2008	Fantastic atmosphere	The imperial is a fantastic hotelThe location is perfect, very close to the center of old Delhi. The palace is fantastic and the staff friedlyThe atmosphere brings you to the old times of the colonialism!We found a very good offer on the website of the hotel and would definitely suggest to stay in this hotel	
Dec 23 2008 	Imperialist paradise	The hotel's museum-like qualities are well known, and all true. I have never seen, much less stayed in, something so lavish. Unfortunately I was there for business, as otherwise it would be tempting to take refuge in one of the rooms for a week. Excellent cleanliness, food, etc. Caveat: I found the staff to be far more deferential than I was personally comfortable with. My only complaint: the business centre services were priced well beyond the realm of acceptable.	
Dec 19 2008 	5 Star Luxury with a very friendly Atmostphere	Charming hotel with a lovely atmostphere. Beautiful public areas with interesting art, splendid double room with excellent facillities. The outdoor pool was a lovely place to relax after a long flight s was the main bar. We had a most enjoyable meal in The Spice Restaurant which is ideal if you like South East Asian Cuisine. The service was good and the staff were very friendly.	
Dec 18 2008	A grand hotel	We have just returned from a three week trip to India and this was the first hotel we stayed in. It set a very high standard for the seven other 5* hotels we then stayed in. Unlike other reviewers we found it hard to fault with old fashioned high standards. It was indeed a real oasis in the middle of polluted Delhi. The pool was awesome. If you like a warm pool, this is for you. The steam was rising when we went in in the early evening - absolutely delicious after a long flight. We found the restaurant to be excellent with superb, friendly service. The whole hotel was stylish and not at all flash or vulgar. They've been doing this for a long time and it shows.	
Nov 20 2008 	True tourist hotel	A beautiful hotel with wonderful architecture and great location is spoilt by average staffing and poor facilities.Like other reviews I suffered from poor staffing in restaurants the table wasn't cleared when I sat at it, I waited over 10 minutes for a menu, and getting the bill was an effort. Frustrating if you are having a break between meetings.Despite the plush corridors and very nice room no effort has been made on fitness facilities, and it is not clear if the temporary &quot;room&quot; is permament. The weight area now has a dent in the ceiling from me lifting a handweight above my head (I'm only 173cm!). And when I was staying the beautiful gardens that I remember from previous visits to the restaurants were covered with temporary structures for a function. A loud function which took place metres from my ground floor room.Overall it is hard to justify the cost ($400 a night) trading on heritage and location might work for tourists but for anything beyond an experience it is disappointing.	
Nov 15 2008 	Bizarre	We had a somewhat odd experience here. We had booked online and the room discription was of a room with a garden view and either a kingsize bed or twins . In the event the room we were put into had no view and an ordinary sized bed. We complained to the deputy manger at which point things took a turn to the surreal. We showed him our booking form clearing outlining view, bed size, etc. At which point he began to argue vehemently that this was not an issue of misinformation but of style.... &quot; But &quot; we protested, &quot; it clearly says here that we bought a room with a kingsize bed and a garden view &quot; &quot; What is the problem ?&quot; he said. &quot; the bed or the view &quot; ? &quot; Both &quot; we replied , but he didnt seem to get it at all. He continued to witter on about themes and styles. Eventually he moved us to another room which..had a kingsize bed and a view of the garden. I thanked him and told him that we do not usually make a habit of complaining. &quot; You are not complaining now &quot; he said firmly.&quot; Well actually I am &quot; I said. &quot; No you are not &quot; , he replied. I gave up at this point and decided to do something formal about it on our return.All this was a pity because the second room was very pleasant, we had an excellent meal, good service , and slept like logs.The business with the deputy manager left an unpleasant taste though.	
Nov 14 2008 	More Fur Coat than Knickers	A great Delhi location, a pretty good 1930's builiding, and loads of money spent on jazzing it up is still spoilt by energetic but forgetful and unskilled service. In India, charm and a real (not unforced) concern for guest's welfare comes free. To mess it up by not ensuring that the (admittedly characterful) staff remember to bring tea, clear dirty plates, take orders, bring correct orders, bring bills, all of which they failed to do repeatedly, is a careless waste of good raw service material and a fine building. When we spoke to the Terrace Manager (the main offending facility, though the curiously named Daniell's Tavern was prone to it too) his comment was that he would discipline the staff. Our comment was that he should give people with a real aptitude for the work some proper training.Ho hum.If you want to see how well trained staff add to an experience, stay at the Oberoi in Delhi; much better value, frankly. If you like glitz, the Imperial's for you. If you like real quality, less conveniently located though, try the Oberoi.	
Nov 8 2008 	The Only Place to Stay in Delhi!	This is my third visit to the Imperial and they've done it again - a hidden oasis in the hustle abd bustle of Janpath. Overall a great stay but There were a few minor things which disappointed.Front desk and check in: Me and my mom arrived at the hotel (from the airport) at 11.50. Check in is at 12 noon. The lady at the front desk said our room wasn't ready and we should wait in lobby - seemed reasonable. At 12.15 the room was still not ready and I questioned the lady at the desk. She apologised and suggested we have a coffee at their restaurant or something - I asked whether this 'coffee' was complimentary as it was the hotel causing the delay. She refused point blank which I thought was very unreasonable for a hotel of this standard. This might sound miser on my part however hotels like the Taj Mahal on Man Singh Rd and the Oberoi have been much more accomadating in situations like this.Room: We stayed in an Imperial room (no. 56) which was at the end of the corridor on the ground floor. Good sized room, however for more space I would recommend a heritage room (which is what I booked on my last visit). Out of the three telephones, one didn't work - I couldn't be bothered to complain though.Breakfast: buffet b/f in the 1911 restaurant serves a wide variety of indian and continental foods, fresh fruits and juices, bakery products etc..... All were very good and its a great way to start the day.Location: couldn't be better - at the top of Janpath - were all the touristy things are and also centrally located to everything of interest in delhi: IGI airport is a 30 min drive away (Rs 500 by local taxi), India gate and Cannought Place are also very close by car.VERDICT: the property and the aura of the place, the location and the overall experience of the hotel is worth the price tag attached to this place. A must see (stay!) hotel.	
Nov 8 2008 	Wonderful Imperial	Expensive but well worth the money. We booked a suite for a family of 4 (14 &amp; 6) and even though our youngest should have stayed in our king size bed,since she stayed free, I found a blanket and asked for an extra sheet which meant she slept on the sofa. Our son was an extra £70.00 a night with a Z bed in the lounge.Pool superb and the travel desk orgnaised a 8 hour city tour which, including driver and guide, cost around £80.00 for the 4 of us in a large A/c car. Food amazing, as one would expect, of a 5* and service impeccable.Only down side was the suite has internal view which, although reduced traffic noise levels, meant no natural daylight.I had a pedicure at the Spa which was extremely good value when compared to UK prices.A true art deco hotel full of historic paintings and pictures.	
Oct 21 2008 	Exceptional ambience	We stayed at the Imperial for 3 nights. A heaven in the middle of all the bustle in the streets.The room was very comfortable. Very polite and helpful staff. Several very good restaurants in the hotel. I like very much the bar. Quick an effective service. We spent 2 afternoons by the pool which was great.An overall very good stay	
Sep 27 2008 	Absolutely Beautiful 	All round just the most spectacular hotel. Drive up a long palm fringed drive to the bell-men wearing the most elaborate uniforms, then enter the most sublime jasmine infused, flower laden marble foyer. An all round sensory experience!Impeccable service, stunning rooms, quite formal and austere but quintessentially respectful service. You really feel like you've been transported to another place and time, and are treated like royalty!It is such a heavenly oasis of calm &amp; serenity in the hot hustle-bustle of Delhi.I've been lucky to stay in some pretty spectacular hotels over the years, and this is definately up there.A level of service that you can only seem to get in Asia.	
Sep 26 2008 	Lovely Hotel Service Problems	Stayed at Imperial for one week on a business trip. Stayed in 2 separate rooms due to taking a side trip to Agra. First room was lovely, bright &amp; airy, situated close to front of hotel. Second room was very small, very noisy and had no natural light. Service in the hotel restaurant was good. Service in the bar was pretty poor, the staff seem to have an attitude problem and are very aggressive in their approach. What ruined the stay for me was the front desk staff. I had to cut my stay short by one day to return home &amp; despite having given them 7 days notice they point blank refused to not charge me the extra night. I have never encountered this before. Not only did they insist on charging me, but they were rude, aggressive and spent 30 mins arguing with me about the issue. I would not stay in this hotel the next time I visit Delhi, I would go for the Shangri-La instead, where the service is impeccable.	
Sep 17 2008	Nice to see but beware staying . . .	We had a very mediocre stay at the Imperial. The building is undoubtedly gorgeous, and is definitely worth a thorough walk-through. However, I would not recommend staying here. As mentioned in previous reviews, the service was lackluster - polite, but very stiff. Our room was also very claustrophobic - only small windows that look out onto an interior courtyard (with echoing noise from the ground level). And BEWARE THE TAXES! The room rate was 11750 rupees, but they assessed a 12.5% tax based on an arbitrary, undisclosed &quot;rack&quot; rate of 29000+ rupees. That amounted to a tax in excess of 30% of our room charge. Outrageous.	
Sep 14 2008 	Elegant luxury	We stayed for 2 nights and 3 nights at the beginning and end of our Golden Triangle trip.When we arrived we were greatly impressed at how beautiful the hotel was. It was an oasis of calm in a very hectic and hot city.It is a fine Art Deco building and has a lovely colonial feel inside with magnificient paintings and floral displays.The room was spacious and very well appointed and quiet. It has all the ameanities you could ever need. We were unaware of any building work going on in the hotel.The hotel makes you feel very special as if you are the most important guest.It is nice to get the water and cold towels and fruit kebabs by the pool.On our second visit we were welcomed back as if we were regular guests and upgraded to a suite.We agree with other reviews that food and drink are expensive but what else would you expect of a 5 star hotel.All in all this is probably the best hotel we have ever stayed in and would recommend to anyone.	
Sep 12 2008	IMO not #2!	I had always wanted to stay here. The Imperial is a beautiful hotel but seems to have some serious problems. Most serious is noise. The rooms are not particularly quiet, especially in the older section of the hotel. During my stay, I had to change rooms 3 times. Desk clerks seemed pleasant but clueless about construction going on below my room which lasted until 11 p.m.The business center could be better run as a loud talkitive guest disrupted my computer time until I said something to him. The female staff is simply too timid to ask anyone to keep the level of noise down so that others can work. I'd warn any guest to check their bill carefully as mine was full of erroneous minibar charges. It took a long time to get them removed. Judging from experiences on other trips to Delhi, I would have to say that I prefer the Oberoi or Taj Mahal hotels.	
Sep 10 2008 	Beautiful and comfortable hotel with some drawbacks	This hotel is well worth a visit for its architectural beauty and for the hundreds of paintings it houses. Its large swimming pool is just as impressive and the pool-side service is top quality. Overall, the staff are friendly and helpful in this hotel and they work hard to keep it immaculate and clean. The rooms and public areas have fantastic marble floors and the rooms are very comfortable. Our room was allocated on arrival and was of a relatively high standard, including a dressing room.We had room service once, which was a delicious breakfast that was promptly brought to our room. The coffee was particularly good. We found that one breakfast was enough for two people to share. The food in the rest of the hotel was a bit of a let down but perhaps more because we were attempting to eat on a budget - all of the restaurants here are fairly pricey. The Indian food was definitely better value than western meals. Cocktails cost the equivalent of £10 so there is no avoiding Western prices. A useful tip for water: complimentary water is provided in the room twice a day as well as by the pool. It was helpful to know we could stock up at the pool if we had run out. The most unfortunate aspect of our stay was that we ended up moving rooms twice. On our first night there was incredibly loud music coming from a building across the road (although it was loud even in our room). The hotel assured us it would stop after 1030 which it did not. After a few phone calls downstairs they offered to let us sleep in another room (it was 1230 by this time and too late to move all our stuff) and then we returned to our original room the next morning. They then moved us to another room for our last night (we were only there two nights). So I have seen quite a few of the hotel's rooms and they are all excellent but this incident was unfortunate. The staff did do their best to help us though. While it was not the hotel's fault we found (here and during the rest of our trip in Delhi) that wedding season was having a negative impact on our holiday, mainly in terms of noise. A spa is currently being built at the Imperial and we had to listen to the construction noise from our first room. This is a necessary inconvenience though for the hotel to improve its services, but beware. Overall, this hotel is worth a visit for its aesthetic appeal and good service.	
Aug 12 2008 	Try it at least once	This is my third visit to this hotel and this place never ceases to amaze me... The facilities and services are of very high class (well! pure luxury if you ask me...) The whole place has a colonial feel and will definitely take you back in time... The rooms and beds are spacious and have all the modern amenities you could ask for -including a pillow menu!!! The hotel is also located in one of the best parts of the Delhi (Janpath) and is close to many restaurants and the shopping district.. If you are frequent traveler to Delhi and never stayed in this hotel, I would seriously urge you to try it at least once – Trust me! You won’t regret it..	
Jul 25 2008 	My favorite place in Delhi	After two... less successful... Delhi stays, I decided not to fool around and just book the nicest hotel in Delhi for my third stay, which numerous sources claimed was The Imperial. It was cheaper than I thought it would be, perhaps 3-4 times what a typical budget room in Delhi would cost, and while this is still fairly expensive, you can certainly see where the money goes. Common areas and my room were impeccably clean, well-appointed, and very classy. There must be thousands of unique paintings all over the hotel and in the rooms, and I spent an enjoyable couple of hours simply walking around the inside of the hotel. The room was very comfortable, better by a good margin than what I typically get in the US staying at 3-4 star hotels, with a reading chair, a top-notch bed, and separate tub and shower. The furniture/fixtures are among the nicest I've ever seen in a hotel. I ate at two restaurants, The Spice Route and 1911, both were quite good, in fact The Spice Route I would call outstanding, and only cost us about $35/person with dessert. I ordered a cocktail from room service, which was promptly delivered and delicious, if overpriced. The service was excellent, the best I had in India. They let me check in 3 hours early with no additional cost, responded immediately to all of my queries, and, most importantly, seemed in tune with what westerners expect from an expensive hotel, getting the right mix of attentiveness and respect and avoiding the obsequiousness I experienced almost everywhere else. They treated me as a guest, and not a cash machine, which I really appreciate.My complaints: given what you get, the room and the restaurants aren't really that expensive by western standards, but the pricing for 'extras' is almost insulting... a minibar Coke would cost $5, a beer $10, etc, and worst of all, they wanted Rs700 to drive me literally down the street (~1KM) to my next hotel... I got a taxi on the street for Rs75, and I'm sure even that was gouging me. The car pricing in particular left me with a bad taste in my mouth. Still, they were certainly upfront with their pricing, and I was happy to pay for the room and food. I stayed at one other 5-star hotel in Delhi, which was perhaps $75 cheaper for the room and food, but was not nearly as nice, so if you're going to 'splurge' to escape Delhi, I recommend going all out and staying at The Imperial.	
Jul 20 2008 	Smiles of honesty or pure greed?	The location of the Imperial is excellent if your interest lies in exploring Delhi which was one of my main reasons for staying here.As I like hotels that stand out from the norm, the Imperial did not disappoint as it is like walking inside a museum. Everything is spotless and the staff does their utmost to keep the place in shape.With the exception of eating at 1910, which was so so, I only had the breakfast buffet in the hotel. Compared to other hotels I have staid at in India the breakfast was great, however in comparison with breakfasts in standard hotels in many European countries such as Sweden, it was nothing special. As someone who eats sandwiches for breakfast, the choice was not too good eg. regarding different kinds of cheese.When it comes to the service, everyone is indeed smiling and very kind: in some extent, at least for me, though it is rather difficult to be addressed as &quot;Sir&quot; all the time especially as I hardly feel like one.Some issues regarding service:In the 1910 bar, I ordered &quot;a pint&quot; of beer which turns out to be a small bottle of 0,33 liter. My question whether &quot;a pint&quot; is not a measurement of volume was brushed aside as the staff claimed that an Indian pint is indeed a small bottle of 0,33 liter. Later on on my bill, however, the cost of a bottle of beer and a pint differed even though I have had the same sort of beer. As the costs seemed to differ on all my visits, I could not make out what I really should have ordered for getting what I call a pint.However, what irritated me most (I staid at Imperial on two different occassions) was the dishonesty upon check-out regarding what currency my creditcard was to be debited. I was very clear with that I wanted my bill settled in Indian Rupees, as any other transaction currency would lead to higher costs for me. The staff claimed that it was purely a service to present the bill in USD and that the transaction would in reality be in Rupees. Later on, obviously, I checked my bank account and the staff's claim of a simple service turned out to be a lie, as the transaction was conducted in USD. Upon my second stay, I was told the same thing in the Imperial shop. Consequently, it appears as if the staff either is unaware of the disservice they are doing as I find it hard to believe it is intentional. Upon a stay of a couple of days, the difference in transaction currencies can turn out to be worth 1000-2000 Rupees or equivalent in your own currency. I find this annoying and unworthy behaviour of a five star hotel.Overall, the Imperial is definetely worth a stay, though my visits there made me wonder whether there was greed rather than honesty behind some of the staffs' smile.	
Jun 12 2008 	Outstanding service	The hotel was lovely. What I was so impressed with was the service. My plane arrived late (2 am) and my prearranged airport transfer (HIGHLY RECOMMENDED FOR WOMEN) was there and waiting. My luggage was lost. My plans ,unfortunately, were to leave on the 6am train to Agra and spend one night there and return back to the Imperial for business meetings the next 3 days. When I returned to the hotel, the man that picked me up at 2am, had returned to the airport and secured my luggage and the hotel had sent my luggage to the room and stored all my clothes in the closet. Outstanding!	
May 19 2008 	Calm oasis in Delhi	We stayed here at the beginning of a lengthy Indian vacation tour. The hotel offers the comfortable luxury rooms and good service at a price to be expected for a busy capital. We received excellent food and service during our stay. The service was not as personalised as some of the other (comparable larger) hotels during our stay, but always good and efficient.The rooms are well appointed, (and with all modern conveniences working- I note this because a couple of other luxury properties had 'glitches' with the A/C, fans, doors etc ). The breakfast experience was a really wonderful preparation before a hot day in the city. The whole hotel is a bit of a museum- but that is part of the attraction for many guests. Business visitors will still be at home here- it was obvious that there were many guests international and domestic alike there on business.In short, I would certainly return to the Imperial as a tourist or on business.	
May 16 2008 	In the middle of delhi	Very nice hotel we stayed here in the begining of our tour in india and at the end (spent 3 nights in total) the hotel is fantastic marble floors wonderful jasmine scent our rooms had very comfortable beds the reception staff weren't too friendly but we didn't have to deal with them so much, so no big deal.The restaurants in this hotel are fantastic we had dinner at the famous spice restaurant (thai) DELICIOUS!!! also at the tuscany and the french food here was absolutely delightful.They could improve the pool appeareance as it was the only thing of the hotel that didnt have good maintenance..great location in the middle of the city... good hotel to stay!!!	
May 13 2008 	Superb	This is a great hotel. It has a large very well trained and friendly staff all of whom are at all times impeccably dressed. It is an older hotel but maintenance and renovation have kept it up to date and on par with anything new.The restaurants are all very good too. I was here a week on business and I ate at them all. Even if you are staying somewhere else go to the Southeast Asian restaurant for delicious food and stunning decor.All of this is the reason that this hotel may be priced higher than some others but you do get a lot more and in the off season it is a huge bargain.Delhi can be a tough city with the heat, pollution, beggars and unrelenting rickshaw drivers -- this was my sanctuary. I can find nothing to be critical about!	
May 5 2008 	A bit 'over-the-top'	The huge Sikh doorman with an impressive moustache, cream uniform and red turban made an instant impression on us travel-stained tourists, as did the smiling ladies in their identical red uniform-saris who welcomed us as we walked into the lobby. Our senses were assaulted by the abundance of glass, chrome, gilt, lights, multi-coloured marble, deep red roses, white carnations, portraits, landscapes and perfume that is regularly sprayed into the air from discreet white containers as we were guided to our Heritage room, no. 254, from which we had a glimpse of the swimming pool and gardens. The bathroom was huge, with gorgeous Fragonard toiletries. It was pleasant to have a dressing room but disappointing to have been given twin beds. We sleep together at home – why should we want to sleep apart when on holiday; especially one on which we were celebrating our Silver Wedding? We hadn’t been offered a choice and were too tired to try to change rooms. That evening, after a mind-blowing afternoon organised by our tour company, the excellent Audley Travel, we ate in the hotel’s Spice Trade restaurant. It was delightful to sit in the restaurant’s intimate, subtly-lit courtyard, beside the rectangular candle-lit central pool, and dine under the stars, though the Thai food didn’t quite live up to its reputation. The next morning we had a lonely breakfast on the terrace at 5.30am, enjoying a wide selection of prepared fruit, fresh watermelon juice and perfectly cooked scrambled egg &amp; toast. A few days later we returned for another night, and ate in the hotel’s Italian Restaurant, since I was ‘all curried-out’ by then. The food made a pleasant change, but was very ordinary and over-priced. This Heritage Room, no. 57 on the ground floor, was smaller than the previous one but the breakfast we’d ordered in our room for 4.30am arrived right on time and was every bit as good as before. Apart from our welcome, I couldn’t describe the staff as ‘friendly’ but perhaps we didn’t stay long enough to give them a chance. The whole experience was rather ‘over the top’ but very memorable, and was a good introduction to the many contrasts we would meet in India.	
Apr 27 2008 	Haven From The Heat	As my husband and I have been regular visitors to Delhi in the last few years we have had the opportunity to visit the Imperial for meals and drinks on a few occasions and so on our latest trip we decided to stay here for three nights. Like all luxury hotels in Delhi it is very expensive - our special internet rate plus taxes came in at around $AUS 650 a night for a basic room and breakfast. First time travellers to India should be aware that taxes on luxury rooms, food and alcohol can add up to $100 a day to the final bill.The Imperial really is like a piece of an India gone by - a remnant of the colonial past but one that is beautifully restored and maintained. The main areas of the hotel are glorious and it is lovely to wander the hallways and look at the artworks and photographs. Our room was spacious and very comfortable (bed was the most comfortable I have found in India!) but a little cold - we had to turn the aircon off even though it was 38 degrees outside. We had a room which faced an internal lightwell and so it was generally quiet and no traffic noise just the tinkling of a fountain. On the second night we were awoken at 3am by some noise - probably from the ballroom below us -- but when I told staff the next day they were very keen to resolve this and offerred to move us to another room.We found the food in the 1911 restaurant to be so so and I agree with other reviewers that the service is a bit below par. I say this as a comparison to the Oberoi in New Delhi where the food and service in the main restaurant are second to none. Another observation I would make is that the staff at the Imperial look uncomfortable and outdated in their liveried uniforms - although I understand they are trying to maintain the period look I think they would be better in more modern, streamlined uniforms without the turbans, etc. We did dine in the Spice Route and really enjoyed our meal. The menu is Thai influenced but with an Indian twist and we recommend the Kerala Lamb curry - delicious. The 1911 restaurant has an interesting dress code and men must wear long pants to dine in the Brasserie or restaurant even when it is 40 degrees. My husband was dressed in smart dress shorts and designer shirt and was asked to sit in the bar area rather than the restaurant because of this and yet the very next day a large group of visitors to the hotel wearing what I would class a very casual, hippy attire were seated in the Brasserie next to us with no problem and then proceeded to smoke - no staff member was game to ask them to leave. A bit annoying!We found the pool area and service to be good and as it was hot we took the opportunity to have a swim. The general location of the Imperial is great for shopping at the Emporiums and the markets on Janpath where there are good bargins to be found but be warned when you venture outside the gates you are an easy target to taxi drivers, rickshaw drivers and hawkers in general who will tell you all manner of things to convince you to go with them. This can be a little confronting if you have never been to Delhi before but just stick to your guns and walk on by. If you want a local taxi, ask the doorman at the hotel to call one in and he will tell them what you want and will give you a rough idea of the price. You can hire taxis by the hour or by the meter. If you want big, modern malls these now exist in Delhi ie Select City Walk in South Delhi or visit the more traditional shopping areas like Khan Market and South Extension for really good books, clothes, etc.We enjoyed the experience of staying at the Imperial and would recommend it to friends but if we had to choose we would opt for the Oberoi for the standard of service, the facilities (pools, gym) and the food and location which we would consider to be superior for the same price. Visit the Imperial for afternoon tea or to dine at Spice Route or to look at the artwork but stay at the Oberoi for more slick service.	
Apr 23 2008	A colonial museum	We stayed at The Imperial as part of a personal guided tour of Rajesthan. There is nothing to fault it. The rooms are beautiful, the staff are attentive and the food in all the restaurants is very good. Walking around the corridors is like being in a museum, shiny marble floors and hundreds of pictures showing scenes of old India. Worth a visit even if you're not staying.	
Apr 21 2008 	An oasis of comfort	Stayed for 3 nights on business and the hotel was one of the most comfortable places that I have ever stayed. The staff was attentive and accommodating. They arranged a day trip in a hotel car to the Taj Mahal and took excellent care of us. When I told the concierge that I needed a camera, he immediately sent someone out to get two disposable cameras for us.The grounds are beatiful and I would best describe the Imperial as an island of comfort in the general craziness that is Delhi.	
Apr 20 2008 	Mixed feelings	Architecturally this is a stunning hotel, with a fabulous art collection. The location was perfect for us as it is one of the few luxury hotels within walking distance of Connaught Place. However our room, alhough beautifully decorated and immaculately clean with a fabulously comfortable bed and a great bathroom, was a bit on the small side compared to other rooms on the same corridor. I presume this is because we booked a &quot;special rate&quot; (which by the time taxes etc were added on, came to around £260 per night anyway). Whilst the breakfast was fabulous I wouldnt bother eating in the hotel restaurants. We tried the 1910 bistro - the food was so-so, the service was shoddy and it was overpriced, albeit in a very nice setting. We also ate in the Spice Route restaurant which is supposedly one of the best restaurants in Asia, although I fail to see how. I had to send my duck back as it was overcooked. It was also the blandest food I ate on my two week trip in India.The hotel marketing plays on the fact that it is the only garden hotel in Delhi but I didnt find the garden to be anything special. If you spend anytime poolside (the pool is fine but not of the standard I would have expected of a luxury hotel) expect great service from the pool staff if you are a lone female as I was on one occasion. However the next, accompanied by Mr BB we were completely ignored. This brings me on to my major criticism of the hotel - we just did not find the service up to scratch.	
Apr 17 2008 	Heavenly Respite	This lovely hotel is wonderfully situated near all the great government emporiums and cottage industry shopping centers. So if you want to buy handicrafts and shop for the best prices, this hotel location is it. The Imperial has all the touches that make you feel welcome from the candles in the hallways to stunning floral arrangements to rooms with all the amenities. I would return there in a heartbeat. Had a variety of treatments in the beauty salon whose prices were most reasonable. I recommend their pedicures and any kind of massage or facial with Andrea who has been there for 14 years. The hotel's breakfast buffet is top notch. Dinner is a must at The Spice Route. The artwork in the hallways is unrivaled.	
Apr 16 2008 	Business	Beautiful, clean and comfortable hotel. Stayed there for business, but were helpful in arranging site-seeing, etc.	
Apr 13 2008 	Still nice but has lost some of its luster.....	Based on our experience last year at the Imperial we decided to stay here on our second trip to India. I will have to say the experience lost a bit of its luster from last year. The hotel is still beautiful, but the service seemed to have slipped a bit. I was also expecting the same level or nicer of room since it was our second stay, but the room was smaller and a bit worn. The service in the restaurants was very slow, especially at breakfast. (if you want to sit outside for breakfast be sure to arrive early) At one point I walked over to the waiters station to pour my own tea after waiting 20 minutes for a refill. We had the same level of service at dinner in the Spice Route. Don’t get me wrong this is still a great hotel, but next year if we return we will try another alternative.	
Mar 31 2008 	Excellent all round city hotel	We stayed here partly on business, partly vacation. The two rooms that we had were excellent and the service was perfect. It is a great haven in the midst of the hustle and bustle of Delhi. The hotel has more character than the Oberoi. My only gripe was that the pool area was very crowded on a Sunday afternoon. Otherwise, there is not too much to criticise.	
Mar 30 2008 	Great start to our holiday!! Imperial Chic.	The Imperial is one of the most impressive hotels we ever stayed in, well worth its price. We stayed at the beginning and at the end of our journey and it was a real treat every time. The Heritage rooms we stayed in were very big, with look over the gardens or the front and quiet, comfortable, very clean and airy. The Hotel's interior is clean, modern and yet classic to preserve the charm of its history. Despite the size of the Imerial we found that the staff is exceptionally helpful at all times, a well organised management keeps everything running without the guests noticing. We had dinner at the Spice Route and Daniells and both are very good restaurants. The Spice Route is well known beyond Delhi and often busy, reservations are recommended- if you have the choice, the area outside is wonderful, underneath the sky. Back in Delhi we will make sure to return!	
Mar 16 2008 	top in the world	Everything is top of the line by all western standards exept the restaurant 1911 where food is average at most and service laycy. The Italian restaurant is one of the best in the whole world.	
Mar 10 2008 	Amazing India amazing Imperial	Arriving in Delhi and after a whole day excursion, it is a real pleasure to step into the Imperial. Excellent in every respect, from service to quality of the furnishings and decor. We stayed in a Heritage room for two nights. The rooms are very luxury with atmosphere and style, although the bathroom has nothing extraordinary. Some good restaurants (Spice Route is really charming and good, but a little expensive). A real luxury and a real “garden” Hotel in the heart of this fast moving city. We would definitely recommend the Imperial.	
Mar 3 2008 	One of the world's great hotels	One of the world's great hotels . Although it is quite expensive, I felt it was worth every penny. The rooms and common areas of this hotel are amazing, exuding both elegance and character . Considering the offerings the breakfast buffet was very reasonable. I would go back in a heartbeat	
Feb 18 2008 	Prices go up quality of service plummets	I went in prepared to be happy (my Sept 2006 review serves as evidence). I will not be going back. With a jaw-dropping average room rate above $800 per night, service should be impeccable. Instead, it was shabby all around. I checked in to my full-price room at 3AM to be greeted with a twin bed and frigid air. After five hours with the heater on full, the room was still cold. A complaint elicited an offer of a heater to be delivered; it never came. Numerous small failings added up to an almost wholly negative experience. Waiting for a breakfast table and being ignored by two hostesses standing a few feet away? Asking for coffee three times before receiving it -- on two different days? Getting the bait-and-switch at the bar by ordering well gin and then being billed for the good stuff because they &quot;ran out&quot; of the other? At a 4-star stop this kind of laxity might be bearable, but at &quot;one of Asia's finest hotels&quot; it's flatly unacceptable. To top it off, my credit card was mysteriously billed many thousands of rupees in additional -- and completely illegitimate -- charges. This after I'd had several illicit charges removed at check out. I had similar problems last stay, so read your bill carefully! Two weeks later, the cashier has yet to even respond to my inquiry about the added charges. There are other top-notch hotels in New Delhi that will provide excellent service while not breaking your bank. I strongly urge you to consider looking elsewhere.	
Feb 14 2008	Shabby treatment over and over	I stayed here several times since it was redone very nicely. In the beginning they were very courteous. Then, little by little, , the service declined. Last year, I had booked through American Express Platinum. They gave me a room with no shower, then a room with no windows (covered by some sign). Also, twice I had to change a reservation and because of the time change with the United States, they would not give a refund because I was one hour late!! Very rude and inflexible. I will never stay there again. I am going back to the Oberoi where they know how to treat repeat guests.	
Feb 12 2008	Reservations not honored	We had booked and paid for 4 rooms at the Imperial Hotel in November 2007. The reservations were made months in advance. As we were travelling back from Agra on the train our guide learned that they would not be honoring the reservation as they had a government delegation that overstayed. We were sent to the TAj Mahal Hotel instead - excellent hotel, but not in the area we wanted to be - and definitely not the same price. After much screaming I did get them to give the 7 of us a dinner and a car to transport us one evening, but the requested refund of the room rate - or at least the diifference in the rates for the two hotels has not been forthcoming.	
Jan 25 2008 	Wonderful hotel one of the best in the world	Eight of us stayed at the Imperial for two nights as a treat (an expensive one but well worth it). Excellent in every respect, from the unobtrusive and friendly service to the outstanding quality of the furnishings and decor. A real luxury. The price is high but you get what you pay for.	
Jan 13 2008 	Not that great any longer	A great property where I had last stayed in 2003. Unfortunately the service quality is mixed. There were real highlights but also a few disappointments in particulat to the &quot;1911&quot; restaurants. The &quot;San Giminignano&quot; (Italian restaurant) was excellent. Nothing really dramatic but I would be tempted to try something different next time.	
Jan 11 2008 	Amazing time at the Imperial	We had an amazing time at the Imperial. We stayed twice and both times had really nice rooms. The lobbies around the hotel are very nice and the restaurants are excellents. The hotel will also arrange for a car and driver for the day. The new pool looks incredible. We would definitely recommend the Imperial.	
Jan 11 2008	Great place to stay	Luxury rooms with atmosphere and style, good restaurants (although the Spice Route is overrated and overpriced) and delicious breakfast buffet. Small but good gym. Ideal place to stay in Delhi.	
Jan 6 2008 	Magnificent Officers' Mess hotel	Stayed in this hotel for four nights following flight from GB. Our luggage did not arrive with us because of delays in connecting UK flights. When it did ,my wife's case was soaking as was the contents. The hotel staff took away her wet clothes and these were dried, pressed and folded and returned within two hours (at no charge to us) This hotel is a reminder of what a Raj Officers' Mess was about - excellent service, food and above all the friendliness and efficiency of the staff. Prints in the hotel reinforce the image of a Mess. Without doubt this is one of the best hotels we have ever stayed in during world wide travels. In my opinion if you wish to experience old fashioned service in India this is the hotel in which to stay. Of lesser interest to me than my wife is the proximity to the Governemnt and othe bazaars. Don't be put off by the number of touts outside the hotel- they are not aggressive and provide an introduction to the rest of the country.	
Dec 29 2007 	5 Star Needs Tinkering.....	A grand boutique style hotel with proximity to attractions and less more touristy shopping in Delhi. The rooms are spectacular as are the restaurants in the hotel. Couple of reservations however:1) The hotel fumigates the exterior of the hotel daily, including around the restaurant while patrons are dining (imagine large scale fumigation for mosquitos rising while you are having a drink or snack). When asked the hotel wasn't aware this could be a problem for some patrons.2) During the winter months the hotel's much heralded grounds (billed as an &quot;oasis&quot; in Delhi) are untended and essentially shut down. The Imperial is the only 5 star hotel in Delhi that closes its pool and exterior seating areas in the winter (we went to the Mauriya Sheraton and Taj Palace for lunches and found both pool areas open). Some days in december were warm enough for swimming - however more importantly being able to sit outside would have been nice. 3) The hotel puts natural scent oil diffusers throughout the hotel - including outside the rooms. During our stay the oil diffused was jasmine - while pleasant in small doses, this smell over the fumes and dust of Delhi was a drag (and would be impossible for anyone with allergies or other respiratory issues).4) The hotel shop has a superb bookstore but no other commercial/shopping services available (with the exception of a chanel store....empty and or closed throughout our stay). The location of this hotel is somewhat overrated as it is likely as a tourist you will most often have a driver/taxi to take you to shopping or sites - the shops on Janpath are not the best buys or quality for shopping and feast on tourists.I would opt on a next trip for the Mauriya Sheraton - it, its shops and restaurants are fabulous and it is not particularly farther afield from shopping and attractions.	
Dec 28 2007 	Peaceful Oasis	This was my first trip to India/Delhi and I'm very happy that I stayed at the Imperial. This hotel is an old favorite of a work colleague who visits India regularly and it certainly did not disappoint. I was a bit overwhelmed by the hustle and bustel of India as well as the VERY new sights, smells, and sounds.... not to mention the local approach to driving. It was great to spend a day out in the new environment and be able to retreat back to the grand, yet very comfortable, Imperial. You honestly feel like you have stepped back in time when arriving at the hotel and greeted by the friendly staff. The hotel is a museum in itself. Be sure to spend some time looking at the art and photographs on the walls. My room was amazing with marble floors, tall ceilings, and a comfy bed. They scent the halls and rooms, which I appreciated, but understand might be off-putting to those with a sensitivity to smell. I was shocked by the cost, but understand that high hotel prices are standard for hotels in New Delhi. The contrast in general between the Imperial (opulent) and the surrounding area (local shops, etc) was staggering. The Imperial is truly an oasis with a gated 3 acre compound of sorts.My only complaint was a mix up on booking, which I didn't realize until checking out. The Imperial had me reserved for an extra night that I ultimately had to pay for due to the 24 hour cancellation policy. Learned a hard lesson that verifying your reservation at check in is critical. An expensive mistake!!	
Dec 19 2007 	As you would expect from reviews....	This hotel does pretty much what you might expect after reading all of the reviews. If you are starting a holiday (as we were) it has a slight business feel that personally I prefer to avoid as it takes me back to the office however once through that it fitted the bill nicely as a starting point on our trip. We felt cosseted, safe, comfortable and were able to settle into India easily. We had a Heritage Room which was OK but not spectacular – only one armchair and another less comfortable chair (by the desk) so if returning would probably go for a Junior Suite.We ate in 1911 – the casual bit not the posh bit – our first night and had a burger which was very, very average and probably a mistake but we were tired and just looking for basic sustenance. We could see the Brasserie through the glass panels. It was very formal and for us the food looked good but huge portions so a bit daunting. So on our second night we went to the signature restaurant - Spice Route. Had a super meal – admittedly Sri Lankan and Vietnamese rather than northern India – but could not agree less with reviewer who compared it to a curry house. Really subtle delicate food – lovely. The bar areas are lovely and the service excellent.There was a huge tent up in the gardens – presumably for a function - so it was hard to judge the outside space. The pool was very ordinary but it is December so quite cool so no real requirement. Final comment in that Delhi is noisy. The hotel is on a main road so until quite late the car horns kept us awake. It is also wedding season so perhaps this was exaccerbated. Would recommend the Imperial but if I go back I would try the Oberoi as it looked to be in a quieter location.	
Dec 15 2007 	Fantastic Imperial	I spent two nights at the Imperial in August as part of a trip to the Taj Mahal. It was absolutely amazing!!! I wish I stayed for longer. It was luxurios but homely at the same time.The hotel had a wonderful calm atmosphere with gorgeous flower smell everywhere.Can`t compliment enough the staff working there. The room was very elegant and comfortable, the bathroom was stocked with lovely toiletries. The restaurants in the hotel were very good. I found the hotel taxis overpriced but as soon as you walk out of the room there are plenty of taxis.The swimming pool was fab, it was great to have a swim in the evening after a day out in the heat. Maybe one negative. I booked through Expedia and when I checked out the hotel charged extra tax that I didn`t expect to pay. Despite this I still think the hotel was good value and I would go back there.	
Dec 11 2007	Not what it could be	As is the case with many world class hotels the public parts of the hotel really are the best bits. I opted for the cheapest room and whilst the bed was comfortable the room and bathroom really needed renovation if this place is keen to compete with the best.The bar is great as was the food served at the French restaurant. The swimming pool is nice although it is somewhat spoilt by the main road that runs along side it!I probably wouldn’t stay again, especially at the rates they are charging however I do not regret having stayed there once.	
Dec 2 2007 	A great disappointment	I have visited the Imperial some 5 times in the past 10 years and it has always been one of my favourite hotels in the world.However this visit, 23 to 25 Nov, was an enormous disappointment and I subscribe to the increasingly widely held view that the Imperial is now bad value for money and the staff have become very arrogant.For a five star hotel, it does not offer as good amenities as it's competitors. All 5 star hotels we visited this trip offered large complimentary bottles of water in the bedrooms and complimentary breakfast, not so Imperial. We had a superior double room, rate RPS 22,000 (c $550) and whilst the room was correct it was not particularly luxurious. Little things were not thought through, for example electricity plugs are right against the floor and so the guest has to scrabble on hands and knees to plug in an adaptor whereas all other hotels we visited had some at desk level and were thus easily accesible.There was a very large function being held whilst we were there which necessitated the lawn area being closed and the outlook from the dining room and terrace being ruined. The general noise and disruption ruined our stay.The swimming pool area is drab and hidden away and there are now completely useless shops for the visitor (European and American visitors need an overpriced Chanel outlet like a hole in the head!).The Hotel car service to the airport is extremely expensive.The staff give the attitude that this is the greatest hotel in the world and you are very lucky being here. This attitude was exemplified by the reaction of the cashier when I was checking out. He asked me if I had enjoyed my stay and when I said 'not as much as usual' he smiled an automatic smile without listening, expecting a yes, it took him some 10 seconds to register what I had said. On the plus side the common areas of the hotel are quite beautiful and we ate very well at the Spice Route restaurant.I was impressed by the quick response by the General Manager to my email of disappointment but my advice is go and eat there to enjoy the fabulous public areas but do not stay in this now outrageously expensive hotel	
Nov 28 2007 	Great hotel but bad upgrade tax charges.	We stayed at The Imperial during August 2007. It was recommended to us by a couple of our friends and families. We were offered free upgrade to a better room upon check in. The lobby outside our room had some strange smell but over all it was nice. However, we were shocked at the bill when we checked out. The tax they charged us is to the upgrade room price, which is double the price. We then had to pay more for the room. Thank god we were not on a tight budget. We haven’t been to a hotel anywhere that charges you more on a “free” upgraded room. It’s a five star hotel, act like one. Let your customer know before you give them a “free” upgrade. Maybe they won’t choose to have the upgrade. It just left a bad taste in your mouth since everyone wants to cheat you in India, including a reputable hotel.	
Nov 25 2007	Fantastic stay - although it hits your wallet	Fantastic hotel and a great experience. Rooms are wonderful and comfortable with no faults.However, for a 5-star hotel it's a bit diasappointing that they add quite excessive charges for their facilities (for example, 2 minutes of internet cost £4.).Restaurants and bars are also a bit too expensive with the famoue Spice route not as good as a 'Above Average' london curry house	
Nov 10 2007 	elegant hotel	After driving through the chaotic streets of Delhi, the Imperial is a welcome and calm oasis. This 5 elegant hotel has everything you expect from a 5 star hotel. The rooms are spacious and beautiful and the service is top notch. The spice route restaurant has a great interior with great food. The terrace is a beautiful place to have breakfast. The only thing we would do different is bring some nicer clothes to wear in the hotel, all of the guests were a bit older and all were quite elegant. We felt a bit underdressed at times.	
Nov 5 2007	Claridges in New Delhi	We had an amazing stay whilst on our honeymoon. The staff were very friendly, courteous and helpful. The interior is delightful. Grand in every sense and better than most museums. The food and service was excellent and we would not hesitate in recommending or staying there again.	
Oct 25 2007	Beautiful Imperial	The best in termsof location, look and service at pretty affordable porice compared to other same-class properties. The flowers' (roses) arrangements are superb.	
Oct 25 2007 	Elegant hotel	This is a grand hotel and has a feel of travelling back in time to the days of the Raj. The best description of the hotel interior in one word is elegant. The rooms are spacious and well presented. The staff superbly helpful and friendly.The restraints are all very nice and the food tasty and well presented. Down side in the restaurants was that people did smoke in them and I thought they were smoke free dinning rooms. A word of warning if eating on the terrace restaurant do keep an eye open aboveyou as we saw a large hawk take a meal from a woman’s plate. Not a complaint it was amusing but could be a bit alarming if you are the one it happens to. We used a tour company organised for us by American Express by the name of Abercrombie and Kent. I can recommendthem to all who are looking for a professional guide that makes you feel safe, important and caters to your needs. They organise a vehicle and guide speaking your language for you alone. It is not a shared service and they take you to the places you are interested in and do so with	
Oct 22 2007 	Best Hotel in Rajasthan	The best hotel we stayed in India. Very nice restaurants, good breakfast, nice room. Pool rather small could be nicer.	
Oct 10 2007	Indian Nightmare	In January 2006, my wife and I scheduled a trip to India especially to be able to stay at the Imperial Hotel, a venue I had haunted with some frequency (viz., especially the bar) on my prior visits to New Delhi. Our initial five day stay went off without incident and the service was commensurate with the five star European prices we were obliged to pay. Upon our return for a layover in New Delhi en route from Udaipur to Shimla, the situation was less pleasant. Depsite confirmed reservations, the hotel informed us (using an airport driver whose English was extremely marginal) that we were being assigned to another hotel (the location and quality were never made clear) because the hotel was oversold. I insisted upon our return to the Imperial since we had left luggage there from our previous stay. The airport driver then falsely (in the manner so characteristics of Indians when faced with any unpleasantness) assured us that everything was o.k. Upon our arrival it quickly became clear that the hotel had no intention of honoring our reservation and were anxious to remove us from the property. It was late, we were tired and we had a very early train the next morning. Not only did the hotel never clarify where they were going to send us (the airport driver had made an imcomplete reference to a lower quality hotel by the airport) but they never offered to pay for the substitute room. We summoned a hotel marketing agent who had sat down with us at dinner the previous Tuesday. At the time she had fawned over us telling us how lovely it was that we were staying in the hotel and had offered us discounts and amenities we had no need for. The marketing agent was helpless and hopeless: all her promises from the preceding week had been hollow marketing blather. And so we stood our ground in the crowded lobby. I began to expound in my best Ciceronian diction on the several thousand dollars we had spent during our visit less than a week earlier, how we had confirmed reservations and how we would most assuredly report back to our friends and colleagues on this most inhospitable treatment. Faced with a raving travel weary American excoriating the hotel in the center of their lobby, management acted quickly and decisively to confirm our reservation and give us the room we had reserved. The marketing agent looked on in impotent silence.The Imperial may be a lovely hotel, but I have never before encountered a situation where the hotel staff was so pro-actively anxious to tell me how much they appreciated my business and how anxious they were to make my stay more enjoyable and simultaneously so utterly impotent in addressing a real and dire problem of the hotel's own making. Suffice it to say, all who would venture there are now forewarned	
Oct 6 2007 	Among the best in the world	It's difficult to say anything new about this well located five star plus historic hotel, an elegant and meticulously managed haven with art deco touches. We spent four days there, our second visit, and have no complaints except the overpriced internet service. All the staff we met were competent, friendly and helpful and our 'heritage' room was very comfortable and fully equipped. The print collection is extraordinary and it's worth visiting the hotel just to see the display in the public areas. The meals in 1911 were excellent but the Italian restaurant, while probably among the best in Delhi, probably wouldn't get this ranking in Italy. There's not much 'Indian' in the Imperial apart from the staff and some of the food but the hotel nevertheless has a more authentic feel than its nearby 'western' competitors. The pool area is adequate but relatively modest and contaminated by street noise (but the Imperial is not a resort). None of this style and service comes cheap. Highly recommended to travellers not on a tight budget. Tip - book your car/taxi with the head porter and if walking pay no attention to the touts on the street outside.	
Sep 25 2007 	Arrogant staff Tax scam	I’ll start with the best in that the hotel building and interior is very classy. By the worst – arrogant and snobby staff. They are not there to serve, they are there to do what they want to do.I was booked into the Intercontinental Nehru Place and it was too noisy so I went looking for a quiet hotel.I went to the Imperial and asked if there was any availability and if I could look at a room. The lady at the front desk seemed to be looking me up and down deciding if she would give me a room. She would screw her face up or give me a quizzical look when I expressed an opinion such as ‘the Intercontinental was too noisy’ or asked ‘how much was the room rate’. There didn’t seem to any rhyme or reason to it, more like it was dependent on her whims – one minute there were rooms, next minute they were fully booked. I was going to walk out at this stage but I had already been to the Oberoi and Sheraton who didn’t have availability, I’d been messed around by various taxi drivers in hot taxis between various hotels and it was late and I was getting desperate. She then decided I was up to scratch and showed me a room which was great and I agreed to take the room. She then took about 15 minutes to do the checkin and then gave me a different room to the one she showed me – just nuts – I asked for the room she showed me and she explained it wasn’t available then she upgraded me to another room. My room was a heritage suite and consisted of a separate lounge room and bedroom with nice furniture and wood floors. Each of the TV’s had a transformer/surge protector which hummed like a power station – I disconnected them. The room looked into the inner part of the hotel and as such there was no natural sunlight but very quiet. The only noise was from the piped music in the hotel which I would have to listen to as I lay in bed at night as it penetrated the window looking onto the lobby. The room was artic cold and I immediately turned off the aircon but then discovered there is ventilation into the room which you have no control over and this continues to pump cold air into the room. It really was cold so I slept in my clothes and rugged up to watch TV etc. I asked the next day for the ventilation to be turned off and after various people arriving and going they did turn it off so I was able to control the room temperature. The bed was good, the shower had good hot water. Internet connection was up and down – they charge Inr1200 + 12% per day i.e. US$36/day and it would have a good connection for 1 minute and then die for a minute and then come back to life. Sometimes it would just stop and would have to reboot– very annoying and not good enough to use skype. I downloaded a 31mb file and it took 80 minutes.Breakfast was a buffet but very good – Inr 844 plus they expect tips.Room service food was very ordinary – I do some Indian cooking and I think I could cook better than some of the meals they delivered.Room charge was Inr18,000 per day plus they charged taxes of 12.5% x room rack rate Inr 25,000 so Inr3,125 taxes – this is just a tax scam and there is no basis for this – the correct calculation is 18,000 x 12.36% and they know it. So Inr 21,125 plus internet plus breakfast you are looking at US$580 per night. This is just outrageous for what you get. It is a sort of hotel for people who like Mont Blanc pens/rolex watches etc. It is snobby and elitist and just not comfortable for someone like myself. The arrogance of the reception and the tax-scam give you a flavour of the type of people you are dealing with. Add to this an uncomfortable cold room and I will not be returning. It is tough to find a good hotel in Delhi as from what I can see they are all expensive and patchy quality but I think this place is better avoided – my next time I am going to try the Taj Palace as it has some good reviews.	
Sep 20 2007 	Worth It	A wonderful location. The staff were very friendly and the room was out of this world. We felt very relaxed here. It is expensive but it's a real treat that makes it worth every last cent. No hesitation in suggesting this to anyone.	
Sep 10 2007 	Couldn't ask for better!	What a great place to stay in Delhi. We looked at a lot of reviews at various websites, including tripadvisor, and though it is quite pricy, decided to give it a go. No regrets whatsoever. Excellent ambience, and you are treated like royalty. The room was splendid in decor, and very well maintained. The staff were always available and eager to help. We even had a cake and a bunch of flowers presented to us for the wife's birthday. Having stayed at some hotels in Delhi in the past, I can honestly say that this one beats them all hands down. If you budget can stretch to it, spend at least a couple of days here, you won't regret it!	
Sep 7 2007 	Great Experience and good location	This is agreat hotel to stay in. The sevice is fantastic and it has a really lovely air about it - especially the breakfast service overlooking the imperial style lawn. The restaurants are great too and as a lone female traveller I was never made to feel uncomfortable. The staff helped me book my train tickets to Agra and back and also in getting me to the aiport. I have stayed at this hotel many times when on business in Delhi and I have only had 2 minor hiccups.. ONce my door lock did not work so I was moved to another room after an entertaining experience of having around 10 different people come to look at the lock and discuss what might be wrong with it, and the only other issue is when sometime housekeeping staff knock at your door to check that everything is ok quite a few times during the stay.. which in most Indian hotels is a kind of hint for a tip.. Like I say Ive stayed at lots of hotels in India and this does happen a bit so I still rate this as a minor hiccup. I would reccomend this place for business or pleasure travellers, its pricey but worth it.	
Sep 4 2007 	One of the best reasons to visit Delhi	This is a superb hotel - and if you are going to Delhi and want to treat yourself - this is the place to do it. The dining is wonderful with several options - some of the best Indian food I have ever eaten has been here. The rooms are wonderful - spacious and clean. The ambiance in the hotel is just very restful and elegant. At night centerpieces with candles are in the main hall intersections, during the day the candles are replaced with flowers. There are areas to meet to enjoy a drink with a friend - all with fine service. Forget check-in at the desk, a clerk escourts you to your room and fills out the paperwork after pointing out the amenities and seeing if you are comfortable. Where else is there a &quot;Pillow Menu&quot; ?(no kidding) - choose your favorite type of pillow. This same type of treatment is given thoughout.There are a few areas for improvement. Reservations in particular could use some help. I booked on Orbitz and even though I tried to communicate to the hotel several times they could not find the record. Finally they did, and I was informed by email that everything was OK - when I arrived the airport pick up was not arranged - there was a staff member from the hotel stationed at the airport - who was very kind, and arranged for a &quot;taxi&quot; but it was not the hotel car (and not the same price either) so it was all ok.... he was very kind to two weary travelers - but it should not have been a problem in the first place. A similar confusion was met at the front desk before they &quot;found me&quot; (even after the phone call from the airport from their own staff member) and then I was wisked upstairs as described - all was good. Then on checkout - a similar problem - they did not show me as pre-paid, and it took a while to striaghten it out. Again, very professionally handled but it should not have been necessary in the first place.I rebooked for our return on the hotels web site. Be careful - they require 72 hour notice for cancellation. I unfortunately had to cancel due to flight changes, and I again had a confusing back and forth email interchange where they told me to cancel through the booking agent used - but the agent was THEIR web site that did not allow me to cancel due to the several days of back and forth that occurred. Email interactions with the hotel take 24 hours - agan too slow for a Hotel of this caliber. They did straignten it out - eventually - but these types of things should not be a problem and mars an exceptional hotel visit. But let's put things into perspective. Even with this confusion - this is just a great hotel - and worth every penny.... Luxury tax or not.	
Aug 29 2007 	First time love but second date blues	We booked to stay at the Imperial twice. On our arrival in Dehli we couldn't have been more pleased with our choice. The style and ambience of the hotel gave it a great deal of charm and character. The room, service and breakfast was everything you would expect from a high class establishment. The location is great for walking to Connaught Place but if you want to travel further I suggest you walk a few minutes away from the main gate to get an auto rickshaw as the opening price drops considerably before hangling begins. Things however were not so pleasant on our return. We were due to stay here again on our last night before flying home, arriving around midnight on the train from Agra. On arrival we were told, despite having made the reservation at the same time as our earlier visit, that the hotel was full (government delegation) and that we would need to transfer to another hotel (The Park ).Given the lateness of the hour we reluctantly agreed only to find that this hotel was not a patch on the Imperial despite our being upgraded to a suite. In the morning therefore we returned to the Imperial to complain about our treatment. To their credit they did try to make amend by giving us the use of a room for the afternoon (our flight was in the evening), a complimentary meal in the Spice Routes restaurant and a transfer to the airport. However double booking is not something I expect from five star establishmentsOverall if you get to stay at the Imperial you will love it but be aware that they may not honour your booking.	
Aug 29 2007 	Beware - Hotel Tax SCAM	At checkout - all guests find out that there has been a 12.5% luxury tax applied to their bill which is standard in India. The SCAM is that The Imperial applies the 12.5% tax to the RACK RATE not the room rate that we were charged. Our nightly rate was $189, but the luxury tax applied was based on a $450 room rate. For two nights, this was more than $100. This tax situation is never mentioned when you book your room or when you check in, you find out when you check out. We also stayed at The Park Hotel in Delhi - and they are doing the same SCAM to their customers, but in their case we were charged 12.5% of a $300 rack rate (about $75 for two nites), when our room rate was $168. This proves that the RACK RATES are randomly assigned and have no basis in reality. The hotel staffs say that everyone who checks out has the same bad reaction. Who wouldn't? This is unacceptable from any hotel, especially on this level.Since The Imperial is a Preferred Hotel, we will be reporting this situatiuon to them. In addition, The Imperial is often selected as one of the best hotels in the world by Conde Nast Traveler and Travel &amp; Leisure magazines, we plan to inform them as well.	
Aug 23 2007 	The best place to stay in Delhi	I'd definitely recommend the Imperial as the best place to stay in Delhi. True, the Oberoi and the Shangri-La are probably even more luxurious, but neither of them has a tenth of the character of the Imperial. I stayed in a suite, which was breathtaking. But the standard rooms are excellent too. The restaurants are the best in New Delhi, especially the Spice Route. The buffet lunches are also not to be missed - if you can't afford to stay here, it's well worth dropping in for a lunch or afternoon tea. The standard of service is absolutely top-notch, and the hotel's interior is one of the most beautiful anywhere in the world - and scrupulously clean. I couldn't have enjoyed this place more.	
Aug 7 2007 	Love it but with this reservation...	Since moving to India, we have stayed there a handful of times but our last stay virtually mirrored our first stay nearly two years ago..... We arrived for a three night period and were met at the airport by driver AND greeter who escorted us to the hotel, where greeter swiftly disappeared after a few quick words with the front desk ... As we tried to check in, we were asked to take a seat in the lobby for a few minutes, after which time, a member of staff asked us to join him in a very quiet area of the restaurant. What had we done? Were our visa's not right? Had the corporate rate increased? None of the above. We were advised that a 'government delegation' had overstayed its welcome and would we mind being 'shifted' to the Shangri La (not shabby) two minutes down the road, just for one night. We negotiated a room upgrade and a complementary dinner, plus we were staying another two nights so all was not lost. Fast forward to July 4th this year.... we arrived at the hotel at 9pm with a booking at 9.30pm in their fabulously lauded and expensive Spice Route restaurant. As the receptionist pulled up our booking (which was made on the hotel's website a few months prior) the words BOUNCE BOUNCE BOUNCE flashed across her screen. When I asked what it meant, she quickly closed the screen and called the duty manager, who arrived with the familiar request to 'take a seat in the lobby...' This time we were ready! No, was our answer, let's sort it here... then came the old 'government delegation' chestnut. We refused to budge. It was the July 4th holiday and we were eating in a half hour. No way! Well, they asked, could we check out at 7am? No way! We were leaving on an international flight at 1pm. At which time, the duty manager 'scuttled away' (there is no finer way of putting this) without a word of an apology, leaving the receptionist to hand us our keys and show us to our room. Not a pleasant start to our short stay and one which, I have to say, has left me thinking of moving hotels next time we are in Delhi. We did file a complaint with the hotel and posed questions on their criteria for 'bouncing' guests to which we received a very hasty letter of apology in the mail - but no comped night or dinner!!!	
Jul 20 2007 	one of the best hotel to stay	I stayed at the imperial for a week at the beginning of July 2007 just after having spent few days at the Grand,intercontinental that I decided to leave after seeing the Imperial: what an excellent decision it was! At the Imperial everything was fantastic: the staff, the terasse of 1911 brasserie facing a peacfull garden, the spiceroute restaurant and its mysterious atmosphere, the swimming pool where squirrels and birds are playing, ... Althought I was working, I was there with my partner and it was a very romantic place to stay. It is the best hotel I have ever stayed in. Go there and enjoy.	
Jun 28 2007 	Overall an excellent property especially for colonial atmosphere	just stayed a total of 7 nights here in june 07. after watching all the different opinions about delhi hotels in the last few months and after going back and forth, decided to try the imperial due to the elegant colonial atmosphere and the good location for walking around. we were not disappointed. being low season, rates were excellent, booked at the hotel website, just over $200 for the larger heritage rooms. the history and elegance of the hotel is just great, and the staff rates about a 9.0 or 4.5 depending on which scale you are using. i found none of the attitude problems a few others have mentioned. one of the concierges pointed us a new deluxe shopping center for luxury designer ladies clothing, the Crescent, which was the highlight of my wife's visit! many top designers featured in the indian fashion magazines have recently moved here from an older area that was demolished, and we certainly would not have found it without his assistance. all other staff members were always friendly and helpful. sometimes you definitely find some minor communications problems, and considerable shyness with some staff, who look like they are newcomers to the industry. but with a bit of patience and a smile you will get what you want. i would agree that there are a few corners of the hotel and some areas in some rooms that need renovated, but in general the hotel is shining and polished with luxury. in our second visit the towels seemed especially worn for a deluxe property, and the rather cheap plastic hanging shower curtain was out of place. but in both rooms the water pressure was excellent, we had no problems with drains or discolored water. keep in mind that the indian govt apparently charges very high taxes on all hotel services, as others have mentioned. you need to add about 20% to the confirmed room rate to get a true idea of cost, and the same thing is added to hotel limo and other services. but this seems to be clearly stated at all indian hotels so it shouldn't come as a surprise to anyone. we booked airport pickup both times with the hotel and it was handled flawlessly. we did not have breakfast as we were always busy taking off for somewhere, but i did walk through the buffet breakfast one morning and would agree that the selection was not bad but not what it should be. we had several meals at the 1911 restaurant, which were all excellent and the service the same.... expensive, sure, but you are at one of india's finest hotels! the location is one of the best for walking around the connaught circle shopping area, one of the better ones for street shopping with a minimum of street hassles. each street has its own gang of urchins who are all taught the same lines. curiously, after a day or two of totally ignoring them, we weren't hassled anymore, which shows that they spread the word that you aren't worth the trouble! one afternoon in old delhi we found a new scam.... a crazy looking guy started following down the street talking to us, and after a couple of blocks someone who was probably his cohort came along and said that he was accusing us of using his rickshaw without paying. anyway he was quite persistant, so we reached the red fort where there was a police post, and i told them that this guy was harrassing us. he calmed down a bit and we took a tuk-tuk out of the area. getting back to the imperial, i suppose the only criticism i would make is that having one of the most magnificient properties in the country, they should spend the money and make it 100% flawless and updated, instead of just 85-90%. this comparison was brought home after a few days at the fabulous rambagh palace hotel in jaipur (see my review if you are heading to jaipur), where you can search high and low and not find a single spot of the hotel that isn't perfectly clean, polished and of the most luxurious material. in delhi, the taj mahal has more ostentatious luxury, but the rooms are more standard business style. but if you are looking for an elegant, historic and colonial atmosphere, and a good location, i think you will be quite happy at the imperial as long as you don't expect perfection.	
Jun 17 2007 	Great location and good rates	Stayed here for 3 nights in a very hot June.shop around for rates - I got $180 a night which is very good for this top class hotelwatch out for the tuk tuk drivers who want to take you to the tourist shops rather than the 'real markets' - once you emphasise that you do not want an air conditioned tourist shop they are fine.visit the marke in old Delhi on a tuk tuk for a real treat - I gave the driver 350 rupees for the day and he was very pleased - 1500 gets you an air conditioned car for the day with a driver - 5200 if you get the hotel to book it!the hotel is very cool - ac everywhere and the staff are excellent - the bar can be a bit pricey but is very relaxing and the terrace is great	
May 7 2007	First night in India	I had so been looking forward to the first night of our holiday at this 'grand' hotel. Check-in was efficient and the jasmine perfume wafting through the air-con was impressive. However, by the next morning after breakfast, I could well do without its cloying aroma! Our Heritage room was large and well-furnished with a good dressing area and bathroom. Our first disappointment was when we tried to book a table at the Italian Restaurant and were told there was nothing until 10.30pm. No alternative was offered to us. After venturing out, we returned to find the Brasserie where our meal was OK, but the service was not exactly marvellous. More time should be spent on customer service than on perpetuating the days of the Raj and colonialism.Breakfast service was generally slow and apart from the freshly-cooked eggs - virtually stone cold. We did enjoy the art work in the corridors and the luxurious feel of the hotel, but The Imperial seems to be living on a past reputation.	
May 1 2007 	Yes Yes YES to the Imperial	Awesome, albeit short stay at the Imperial last summer.I flew into Delhi for one night last summer en route to Punjab.This was my first stamp in the passport and I was traveling alone! I booked a heritage room on the hotel website and also arranged for hotel car pickup at the airport. I was extremely nervous about this trip for a lot of reasons but the Imperial really helped me along.The car service man was exactly where they said he'd be with my name clearly visible. The greeters at the hotel entrance were friendly and helpful with my luggage - and I had a lot! Upon checking in, the staff upgraded me from a heritage room - to a Luxury Suite!! Can you say fabulous!??!!?I ordered room service - India hasn't mastered the art of the meatless burger - but it was more for curiosity than a fault of their own. I did have to pay for in-room internet but it was wireless and a negligible amount of rupees so no biggie there. I am headed back to Punjab this summer and will definitely be staying there again. Such a seamless experience!You really can't go wrong booking this property. Rates are much lower in the summer cause it's extremely hot there at that time but if you're going in the summer and can snag a great rate, def choose the Imperial.	
Apr 23 2007 	Not so great	We finished a seven week trip to India at the Imperial, having stayed at a wide range of accommodations, from small, family run places to opulent hotels like the Imperial and the Lake Palace in Udaipur. We had heard good things about the Imperial from friends and from TripAdvisor, so we decided to finish off our time in india with a splurge.I did book on the hotel's website, and I believe strongly in full information so on that website, agreed to pay $409 for one night and $509 for another. A quick tip: if you do a search on the website and are flexible in your dates, look at the rate from day to day because it changes considerably. As I said, we stayed in a few other very nice places in India, including the Lake Palace, Devi Garh (both in Udaipur) and Ananda in the Himalayas. Each of these, in my opinion, were more worth the money than the Imperial. While the Imperial rooms and common spaces are fantastically beautiful, it wasn't an &quot;experience&quot; as much as a beautiful place to stay.The concierge, as opposed to other reviews, was helpful to me in sending a box of mine to the USA. (I haven't seen the contents of the box so I'm just assuming all my things got there OK.) Although he had promised to get me a tracking number and I had to go back to him to get it. We ate one lunch and dinner in the hotel restaurants - lunch was quite expensive but decent, dinner at the Spice Route was decent too but nothing spectacular. The service was OK, but not as attentive as you might expect.Basically, when you book this hotel, you're bound to have really high expectations given the amount you're paying, and generally, it's a fancy hotel but it doesn't blow you away. We stayed at the Taj in Delhi for two nights too at a different point in our stay - it doesn't have the same feel but is plenty luxurious and costs a lot less - about $250 a night, with a much better gym and pool too.My opinion? Save your money for the once-in-a-lifetime places and have a meal or drink (tea) at the Imperial to see it.	
Apr 21 2007 	Everything it should be	Arrived early Sunday morning, met at the airport by two very spacious cars(some confusion as we had two rooms, but one was for the kids, only charged for one car). Check in was fast and efficient. Had interconnecting Heritage rooms. These were huge and very well furnished, including large B &amp; O plasma TV with DVD. Large modern bathrooms. Breakfast was buffet and/or to order, very large airy room, with oudoor terrace. The two main restaurants (one Thai/one Indian) were excellent - note dress code of formal casual which means no shorts, trainers or jeans. Room service was also good. Swimming pool area was sheltered and clean and service was good, complementary cold water and towels arrived as you sat down. Cocktails were also available.Big old hotel but perfectly maintained. A taste of colonial times? In the heart of New Delhi with some great little local shops just up the road.Used hotel car and driver for New Delhi tour, very well informed. Took guide for Old Delhi tour for extra info about fort etc. NB main monuments/museums are closed on Mondays. My favourite visit was Humayan's tomb - a hint of what the Taj Mahal is like - we did this on our own but there are lots of information signs.	
Apr 19 2007	Lururious oasis amidst chaos	We stayed here 3 different times during March. The hotel and its grounds were a welcome respite from noisy, dirty, New Delhi just outside the wall. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The Heritage rooms on the second floor are bigger and nicer than those on the first floor. Turn down service is to die for! The breakfast buffet is excellent and the waiters are very attentive - we even had breakfast with one of the stars of Desperate Housewives and his partner! The Spice Restaurant is excellent and the ambience is inviting. Even room service was fast and the food was great. We will certainly stay there again.	
Apr 14 2007 	Comfortable stay but unimpressive food	The Imperial is a royal treat, no doubt. But the hotel mostly has its ambience and decor to flaunt, because after that it is mostly downhill. The hallways remind you of the history of the hotel and its grand heritage, but the standard rooms are cold, uninviting and small. My TV didnt work, but was too busy to bother complaining, but at other times the staff was quite responsive. However, you can forget about getting an iron in the morning rush. The bathrooms drains need a bit of work. I got two different rooms, but neither had a properly draining shower or sink. But my biggest complaint is with the food available inside the hotel. The much-advertised Spice Route is quite ordinary, but horrendously expensive. Daniel's Tavern is actually better. But the more casual 1911 restaurant has a menu that is too small to keep your interest for more than a couple of days, and most of the servings are bland, fried or just downright tasteless. However, the breakfast buffet selection is quite good.	
Apr 10 2007 	Dreadfully disappointing	It is with much regret that I write about the serious decline of the service at The Imperial hotel on Janpath. Having stayed here four times in the last four years, for a couple of weeks at a time, it was one of my favourite hotels in the world. Even two years ago, it was still an elegant oasis in the midst of a fabulous, bustling city, with cool corridors, good if pricy food, and a sense of time stood still. Well, time has definitely stood still, and the staff and management are resting on their laurels. The maitre d’ of the coffee shop restaurant had a stand up row on Saturday 17th March with one of my Indian friends which was both shocking, hostile, and embarrassing; my friends ended up writing a letter of complaint to the hotel manager which, of course, has gone unanswered. The maitre d' a few days later accused me of avoiding him, although he had the grace to confess that he'd been &quot;having a bad day.&quot; At breakfast each morning, staff were slow and ungracious; and they stood around watching whilst the crows in the garden came and stole food off punters’ plates, instead of responding to the cries of many frightened American women to shoo the birds away (I know this bird-problem of old, and eat inside). Most staff, it has to be said, judging by their conversations with each other, had been up all night watching India get thrashed in the World Cup Cricket, which might account for their total lack of customer service.  I had lots of problems with the sound proofing of my bedroom (this is not the hotel for a quiet, uninterrupted night’s sleep), and despite informing house-keeping of my desire for no air-con (a little quirk of mine), every day I would return home from doing voluntary work in psychiatric clinics to find my air-con had been on all day and my room was now an arctic igloo (my room, 339, gets no sun during the day). By Wednesday, I’d had enough, checked out, and asked for the three remaining nights I’d paid for to be reimbursed. At check out, Akhil Arora the duty manager confirmed to me (and on the phone my Delhi-based travel agent) that this money would be reimbursed.My husband and I are now in protracted email negotiations with the hotel manager who has reneged on this promise to refund us our money. By accident my husband has been copied in on an email from the manager telling his deputy to hush-up the matter. I am shocked that a hotel of this calibre can treat guests, particularly a woman travelling on her own, in such a rude and complacent manner. But I was not alone. I overheard several people at reception complaining about the concierge, and about the poor sound-proofing of the bedrooms.If the hotel was so wonderful, I might be able to understand the conceit of the staff. But compared to other hotels in Delhi - which offer more lavish buffet breakfasts, interesting social programmes for guests, bigger pools, a spa (at The Imperial, I had to have my foot massage seated upright in the ladies hair salon; the Imperial has been ‘about to build a spa' for the last 3 years), maybe an arcade of local shops if that’s your thing (The Imperial has a newsagent, and a Chanel boutique (!) in the corner of the lobby, and in two years I have never seen anyone go inside), or even a gym (The Imperial’s “gym” is half a dozen pieces of equipment in a converted bedroom) – The Imperial no longer has anything unique or special to offer expect perhaps its location, being close to the railway station, and the shopping areas of Janpath, and Connaught Place – all of which are an inexpensive taxi or tuk-tuk ride away from all the other major hotels. British friends who used to stay at The Imperial for months at a time when working no longer do so, speaking of a serious decline in standards, as the best staff leave to work in real estate (one of Delhi’s booming industries). The Grand Hyatt, The Oberoi, or the new Shangri-La are now their hotels of choice. Local friends of mine deplore The Imperial’s smugness, and fear that people will think all Indians are like this. They are not. Try another Delhi hotel, and experience proper Indian hospitality. Don’t be fobbed off with faux-grandeur, and money-grabbing grandiose conceit from the staff at The Imperial.	
Apr 7 2007 	Nice facilities spotty service beware internet booking!!!	Stayed at this hotel last autumn while on a business trip to the Indian capital. Should note that during that trip I stayed at four other hotels in New Delhi...I am a travel junky and wanted to comparethe slew of new properties which have opened or been renovated duringthe travel boom of the past few years.Positively, the Imperial's facilities are top notch...comparable to what you would find in New York, London or Hong Kong with real (albeit forced) colonial-raj style. This comes at a price. Mumbai andDelhi hotels command London rather than Asia pricing given the bizarre land tenure regulations in India which results in a chronic shortage of rooms in major business centers. A comparable hotel in Shanghai, Singapore, Sydney or Bangkok would be half the price.Negatively, booked through the &quot;hotel's&quot; website. A glitch caused two identical rooms to be booked for the same night. I tried to rectify by a telephone call and e-mail (not wanting to rely on the web site). When I arrived, I found I had two rooms booked, but was assured that something would be done. The hotel was well attended, but not full. I checked out the next day, but when coming back the next week I found I had been charged for the empty room...basically US$300 out of my pocket, not reimbursable. I protested, but was told nothing could be done, with the hotel blaming the &quot;Leading Hotels of the World&quot; which &quot;runs&quot; its website. Thirty years of travelling through the best hotels in the world, and never been treated so poorly and disingenuously by a front desk.With pretensions to &quot;world class&quot; this hotel will need to clean up its act at the edges. Flat screen TV's and faux-raj trimmings will only go so far if it is to maintain its inflexible pricing and reservation policies.	
Apr 7 2007	unhelpful staff 	Although this was a fabulous hotel, my boyfriend and I were surprisedto find that we were shockingly overcharged by the hotel. We were quoted rates in U.S. dollars for both nights at $300 &amp; $400, respectively. We were never given a rate in rupees nor were we ever told that the price in U.S. dollars would in fact be much higher if we actually paid in U.S. dollars and not in rupees. In addition, we were never told that we were getting the rooms at a &quot;discounted rate&quot;and that we would actually be taxed at a $475 rate per night. We havelodged complaints with the hotel and they have ignored our request for an explanation of why we were quoted a price in U.S. dollars ($700 plus tax = $787.50) and in fact charged $908. Our experience at this wonderful hotel has been soured by this &quot;unwestern&quot; way of doing business - quoting one price and charging another without any explanation.	
Apr 7 2007	Walk back in time	We recently stayed 4 nights at this hotel which was like walking back in time. From the greeting by a turbaned doorman, to perfumed and candle lit lobbies and hallways, the place was elegant, pristine and gracious. Beautiful carpets, marbled floors, lndian prints, sculpture and photos going back to the maharajah rule and colonial time were everywhere -better then any art gallery. An elegant buffet breakfast is served and one can dine inside or outside on a lovely patio overlooking lawn and gardens which is an oasis in the middle of bustling noisy city. The Spice Route restaurant is beautiful with fine food and service. While not inexpensive, it was fairly priced for what was provided.We stayed in a Heritage room which was good sized, with a large marbled bathroom and soaking tub, as well as a mini-bar. Quality amenities, such as lotions and shampoos were plentiful. Turn down service was nightly which included bottled water and a goodie on the pillow. Down duvets and pillows rounded out the experience. There is a outdoor pool for those wanting to swim. This place was a haven in the midst of Delhi and a lovely experience to stay.	
Apr 3 2007	Something special	We stayed at the Imperial for the first and last nights of our India holiday. This is one of the best hotels I have ever experienced, in terms of character, comfort and service, and though expensive for India it is very good value. The whole place was renovated about 10 years ago without losing its 1930s style and charm. The location couldn't be better, it is a far better bet than any of the international chain hotels out on the airport road.The only word of warning is: look out for the restaurant prices. We asked where we could get a light lunch on our first day, were directed to the buffet. £50 for what was basically a snack for two was completely ridiculous! Only average food as well, though our breakfasts were superb and included in our deal.Your travel agent can probably book for less than you will pay booking online	
Apr 1 2007 	Impressive service	This hotel has an colonial elegance style to it. We booked through the hotel directly (cheaper) so we managed to get a free car pick up from the airport ,it was great to just get off the plane and not have to fight to get a taxi , We arrived at 8 am in the morning and the upgrade room (older style) was ready for us when we checked in , Truely Amazing Room !!! , The service is first class in all areas . We had pre booked the Spice Route Restaurant in the hotel as it was our wedding anniversary that evening, this is the Thai / Eastern Restaurant , Dont bother ,the service was rubbish and the food very average , the price is expensive for what you get. But 10 minutes before we left the hotel manager walked a round the restaurant and suddenly all the staff came to life but we were leaving by then . So we left the restaurant very deflated for the1911 bar, we told the waiters how dissappointed we were with the restaurant with it being our anniversary as we ordered our drinks , 10 minutes later they have a full cake in front of us , 2 glasses of champagne singing etc it was so lovely , The bar supervisor Adishek had arranged for the restaurant Manager to come and see us. The manager was so apologetic &amp; she brought a lovely craved woodern box of spices and more champagne. She managed to handle a tricky situation correctly &amp;pull back our view on the situation. The following day we took a metered taxi cab from the front of the hotel around all the sights , Red fort , Jama Masjid (big Mosque) , India Gate and Humayun's Tomb,(this is brilliant do not miss it out). Shopping is good at the Cottage Emporium straight accross the road from the hotel (get both gifts,woodern &amp; bronze ,carpets, paintings &amp; Indian style clothes Kaftans etc.In the evening we went to the hotels Indian restarant Daniel's , It was truely amazing!! , Food excellent , atmosphere great ,live Indian music playing and service brilliant but unintrusive. This is by far the better restaurant, would highly recommend along with guys in the 1911 bar. The Buffet Breakfast is included with the room price in the 1911 restaurant so dont miss out on this as this is also excellent &amp; good to fill up on before a days sight seeing (sit outside on terrace when sunny , its lovely outside). The pool was closed during our stay which is really dissappointing as a dip mid afternoon would be briiliant but they class january as winter (80F) and think its cold so they close the poolThis is an brilliant olde worldly hotel with excellent service and i would definately recommend this over an ultra modern hotel in delhi . Enjoy!!!	
Mar 20 2007 	Total 30's opulence	This was our first port of call on our Golden Triangle &quot;tour&quot;. The hotel cannot be faulted and they have created a 30's feel which I would imagine is very difficult to recreate. Better than anything Hollywood could do!I recommend you have dinner in the Spice Route as it looked wonderful but we could not get in as we were only staying two nights and it was fully booked. If you know you are going to this hotel, phone a couple of weeks ahead or e mail them.Our room was a Heritage Suite and beautifully appointed.The staff were attentive and polite.The grounds outside were very colonial in feel. Lovely.If you want a stay in Delhi in the best hotel....look no further. Stay here!!!One tip....You MUST go to the Bukara Restaurant in the Sheraton. Best Lamb I have ever had and a unique dining experience. In many ways, we were glad we could not get into the Spice Route as the Bukara (I think that's how it is spelt!) was just wonderful. Go about 7pm and you should get in. They had a weird booking set up which I could not get to the bottom of but if you are going to go, then go early. You will love it!!	
Mar 19 2007	nice hotel surly concierge	Really nice hotel, but considering that you're in Delhi, it's a fantastic hotel. Beautiful rooms and hall ways. Concierge service, however, needs a lot of work. The main older guy is just really unpleasant, but there is one nice young guy who occasionally mans the desk. Mostly, we had to deal with the older (middle-aged) surly guy, who gave us inaccurate information. Most of the other staffs are nice. By and large, it's the best hotel in Delhi (we stayed at 3: Imperial, Oberoi, and Radisson).	
Mar 16 2007 	Wonderful!	This is definately one of the best hotels (if not THE best) in Dehli. Hotel Imperial has a wonderful location on Connaught Place, near bazaars and restaurants, good service and rooms with great decor. Although our plane was late for two hours, hotel driver was waiting us in the airport at 4 o´clock in the morning, as our room rate included airport transfer as well.We had a fantastic heritage room with beautiful big bathroom and Fragonard amenities. Daily fresh fruits were a nice little extra. As I don´t like indian food so much, we had a dinner in San Gimignano garden restaurant first evening, where the food was excellent and we also enjoyed our breakfasts in beautiful patio. Only the swimming pool area is not that attractive, but then again – it is a city hotel, so swimming pool is not the reason why to go to Imperial. And they had an excellent service there afterall. They also have a wonderful pastry shop near the lobby and an absolutely gorgeous art collection. Imperial calls herself &quot;museum-hotel&quot; and organizes sightseeing tours to the hotel. Everything was clean and nice and I would suggest that hotel to anyone without any hesitation.	
Mar 11 2007 	Excellent Hotel	This hotel is truly excellent and has taken its rightful place in my top ten hotels in the world.The staff could not be more helpful and everything about this hotel excudes charm and service. The sandwiches in the bar are a little marginal but that is the only critism I could make. All of the drinks in the bar and peanut / snacks were great. The Spice Route restuarant serves great Thai food and this was not hugely expensive. Good value for money.	
Mar 9 2007 	Nice but...	Initially, we thought this hotel was outstanding...we loved the decor, style and atmosphere...a reall oasis in dirty/bustling Delhi. I would agree with other reviewers that some staff (particularly the restaurant staff) could come across as aloof and snobby. But it was very competent and never rude so I suspect this was either their natural demeanor or the way they've been trained. Unlike some other readers, we loved our meals at the Spice Route...and the decor is something to write home about...the detail was incredible...supposedly took 7 years to build.While our room looked beautiful at first blush, I noted that they had an electric air freshener in the room on the first night. Everything smelled OK. On the second night the air freshener was gone and room started to smell a bit like the bathroom...there's an open drain in the bathroom that I suspect was connected to all the waste water piping and my guess is this didn't drain properly so toilet water was staying in the pipe and producing a smell through the open drain. It wasn't too bad when we went to bed and we were leaving the next morning so we didn't complain...but by the time we woke up, it was quite pungent. So it seems they have some plumbing problems...something to think about.Lastly, if you eat on the patio, keep your eyes peeled for hawks...I couldn't believe it but one of this relatively large birds that circles the sky over the city dive bombed a table (4 business men) and snatched some food right of someone's plate. Quite exciting to watch and I'm sure a huge shock for the people at the table...	
Mar 3 2007	The Best Hotel I've Stayed In	If you've had enough modern high rise 5 star hotels like The Claridges and want a feeling of history without getting a hotel that shows the ravages of time, this is the hotel.Beautifully decorated, spacious, great art work, impeccable service without getting in your way. Go for a Heritage Room if you want space, comfort and a homey colonial feeling. Don't miss the Spice Route restaurant and ask for a tour of the restaurant if they aren't too busy. Breakfasts were superb.We wrote a glowing report in their customer evaluation form, but got a letter from the manager on our return apologizing for any discomfort or inconvenience we may have encountered. Something got lost in translation, I suppose.	
Feb 27 2007 	Terrific city hotel	Booked direct, changing dates and rooms etc, but all no problem. We loved the bustling bars and meals in the indian and fusion restaurants were jolly good. The staff were charming and the location for shopping excellent. Breakfast outside was a lovely start to the day and the best breakfast we had in India Our deco- suite was sumptuous. We took the hotel car and found the drivers helpful.	
Feb 14 2007	Beautiful!	The Imperial (Dehli)-This hotel was gorgeous. We spent two nights here. The breakfast was delicious and the room was spectacular. I absolutely love marble and this hotel has so much. The British Colonial decor is really wonderful.	
Jan 23 2007	Old World Glamour Great Chef but spotty service	Of all the high-end hotels I stayed in New Delhi, I felt this was the most beautiful. It had history and maintained its old-world glamour. The restaurant, Brasserie 1911 was first class, the service extremely attentive and the Chef, who came out to check on the meal and discuss his background was wonderful. However, at breakfast, the staff was less than friendly, and seemed annoyed to have to work. It's not like it wasn't their job, there were no glasses or plates set up at the front to help yourself either. We had to ask for tea at least three times from three separate people. When I returned, they had packed up all of my luggage, (I had specifically left clothing out to change into when I returned) and taken it away, with no notice whatsoever so I thought I had been robbed. (I had not NOT requested that anyone take my luggage at all, but they knew I would be checking out that day). Compared to the Taj Mahal and the Taj Palace, the service here was the weakest, but overall, it wasn't bad.	
Jan 9 2007 	Beautiful Hotel	The hotel is REALLY LOVELY. I am a seasoned traveler who really enjoys the finer things in life. I found The Imperial very nearly immpecable. The entrance is attractive with creative fresh flower arrangements (hats off to the florist) and the halls of the hotel boast many beautiful prints and paintings. The heritage room in which I stayed was tastefully furnished with colonial style period furniture (2 single beds). Bed linens were comfortable and attractive. The bathroom was marble with a tub, but no separate shower. Overall the room was very pleasant and light, but sadly the windows in my ground floor room did not open so I did not get much fresh air. Also the tub clogged. I made a few complaints, but the problem didn't get resolved. The buffet breakfast was great, lots of selections of hot and cold foods, as well as an omlette station. The Thai/Indian restaurant was fantastic, though quite expensive even by hotel standards. Room service was great-always on time and always delicious. One major drawback was the horrible massage facility. It was noisy and seemed dirty-if you must have a massage go for the inroom massage option. The concierge is not well informed about happening restaurants or night clubs so do your own research. Also remember than in Delhi everyone gets a kickback for everything!!! The hotel is well situtated near shopping and restaurants. We tried a really nice lounge/restaurant called QBA in Coughnut (spelling?) area. Also dont forget when shopping-Bargain!!!! Overall the whole hotel experience was great. I am definately going back.	
Jan 7 2007 	Really Over-rated.	We spent 3 days at the Imperial in December 2006. All the advance press about it touts it as &quot;the best hotel in Delhi&quot;...Sure it looks great. But below the surface it's just mediocre. The staff while seemingly willing and friendly never manages to deliver on any request. Most of the rooms have windows on interior courtyards which means they're really quiet. If you get an outside view room be prepared for lots of noise. Including the bang bang of the staff fixing chairs while you're trying to recover from jeg lag. The Spice Route is claimed by Conde Nast Traveller to be one of the 10 best restaurants --- but clearly their reviewer has not been eating in any even middle of the road fusion restaurants in New York, London or Los Angeles. A good restaurant in any of these places wins hands down in a competition with the Spice Route. Where by the way the staff attitude is decidely unfriendly. Now let's talk about prices. Every meal was over priced but the most riduculous offense of all was that the Imperial charges as much for a bottle of domestic Indian white wine (Sula) as they do for an import from France or California: between US$60-70 for something you can buy on the street for US$8.00. Bottom line: over priced, over rated, under delivers. They clearly have contempt for their well travelled target market who all have enough experience to know this hotel is a sleekly packaged rip off.	
Jan 7 2007	Oasis	It is highly recommended due to its reputation, and I'm actually fine with their practice of keeping those pesky tuk-tuk drivers off the premises. The facilities look opulent inside and the air smelled of lemon or giner in the halls, which is very refreshing after coming in from the pollution outside. The restaurants can get costly. I didn't think the Spice Market restaurant was anything to rave about. Decent, pricey and it was really dark in there! The pool was nothing special. The gym is small, but I enjoy small hotel gyms. The building is old of course, and the windows are pretty thin because one can hear all kinds of outside noises from the room. Bathing was quite an experience: I got dirtier than if I hadn't bathed because as I filled the tub, the water was yellow! To top it off, we were ripped off with the taxes at check-out (should have been based on the discounted rate that we reserved the room for and not based on full price!) Management didn't care to apologize or rectify this even after we lodged a formal complaint. Also, I think that having people constantly open the entrance doors seems a bit pesky and impractical. Why not install automatic doors?	
Dec 28 2006 	The only place for pure luxury in Delhi	We have stayed at all the top hotels in India including Udaivilas, Rajvilas and Amarvilas and found that The Imperial more than holds it own. The hotel is full of authentic old photographs and furnishings but has been thoroughly renovated to a very high standard. We particularly recommend the heritage rooms if you staying with a child as the room is beautiful and very large to accomodate the third bed. In fact, we declined a heritage suite because the room was so good. The food is fantastic in Daniell's Tavern and we really enjoyed the life music. The food was among the best we've had in India and no health problems. The hotel is also surprisingly quiet and tranquil given that it is bang in the centre of New Delhi. Frankly, the only place to stay in New Delhi. I note another reviewer complained about the pricing but we never felt ripped off. The hotel is expensive but delivers. And if the security guards are hesitant about letting in autorickshaw at least it shows that are making a safe environment for guests.	
Dec 21 2006 	Stay here to reminisce on past colonial glory only	I had high expectations on booking this hotel based on past reviews and previous travellers to Delhi who saw the hotel from the outside.The trouble started even before we got there. Their pickup charge from Nizamuddin train station was INR 4000?!? So we took a normal taxi from the train station instead (cost: INR200 and we overpaid).When we got to the driveway, we were prevented from stopping in front of the lobby. Instead our taxi was directed away from the sheltered porch like some kind of pariah. Despite a 2 year old son in my arms, I had to call attention to my luggage.This was to happen 2 other times when we took an auto-rickshaw back to the premises of this rarefied &quot;high-class&quot; hotel even though by then it was obvious that we were guests. When I brought up this issue to the hotel manager, he was unapologetic and said things about how there are many beggars and such in India, and that auto-rickshaws (which run on LPG by the way) were a source of pollution.I think he really meant that &quot;proper&quot; guests at his wonderful hotel should not use Tuk-Tuks. Our interaction with the staff was characterised by this &quot;better-than-thou&quot; attitude. And this to paying guests mind you. They obviously treated caucasian guests better (I'm Singaporean) so if you like that kind of thing, you will be right at home.Even though we stayed in a suite, we had no view, and the bathroom was lousy (shower spurted at all the wrong places, bathtub stopper did not work).	
Dec 6 2006 	Great service	An absolutely beautiful hotel - the 'museum hotel' in all its grandeur. The service is top rate; the restaurants are out of this world. I have stayed in five star hotels all over the world and would rate this at the top of my list for best overall. If I had to quibble with anything it would be the hard mattress but that is a minor complaint in an otherwise superb hotel experience.	
Nov 27 2006 	Pretty Much Perfect	After traveling in the North of India for work, this hotel could not have been more of a lifesaver. The room was gorgeous and very comfortable - fantastic bed and linens, beautiful marble floors and bath, excellent amenities. Had excellent meals both at Spice Route (a must just for the exotic decor) and the french bistro. Spent some time in the bar working on my laptop - service was attentive and very friendly. I felt extremely comfortable in this hotel despite it's imposing public rooms - I found the service had just the right tone. Highly recommended.	
Oct 25 2006 	A restored masterpiece	I had heard good things about The Imperial, but I was still genuinely surprised when the hotel car from the airport dropped us off. You would never for a second believe that the hotel is 75 years old – it looks brand new. The refurbishment has been total – every fixture, every fitting replaced, whilst retaining a 1930’s look. It is as good as Raffles in Singapore, and without the hordes of passing tourists (although tourists still seem to make up 90% of guests - very few suits). Acres of marble and hundreds of artworks line the corridors. The five restaurants offer a superb variety of food from around the world. Even the location is good (for a tourist) – right in the middle of New Delhi.The only problems surrounded our original room, a Deco Suite, which seemed to be cursed! The electronic door control wouldn’t work, the air con would not go off, the TV had a constant hum unless it was unplugged and, to cap it all, the room overlooked some noisy equipment on the roof of an adjacent hotel building. We were moved to a huge suite, with a combined steam room / shower and a Jacuzzi bath!If you stay here, I recommend hiring a green and yellow Delhi cab from the hotel rank for a day. It will cost around $10-$15 and is the easiest way to get around the New Delhi sites – Gandhi museum, Nehru museum, India Gate, parliament building, Hurmayan’s tomb (highly recommended) and Khan Market. If your flight departs very late at night, you can negotiate a very late check-out (11pm in our case) with the hotel for a charge. In summary, there are cheaper five star hotels in Delhi but none are as beautiful or offer the same variety of eating and drinking as The Imperial.	
Oct 22 2006 	Beautiful City Retreat	The Imperial is a beautiful hotel near Connaught Place. The hotel is a Art-Deco showpiece with beautifully appointed luxurious rooms. Don't opt for the Heritage Suites as they all face into courtyards or atriums - leaving the rooms dark and with no natural light or VIEWS. The most exquisite and expensive cave I've ever stayed in. The pool is especially nice as it is one of the few pools that is deep enough to dive into (11ft at the deep end) but unbelievably noisy due to the street traffic and has regular wafts of urine smeels drifting by. The food was ok in the varying restaurants but the wine list poor and horrendously expensive, the Shangri-La, however, has a fantastic East Asian restaurant with well priced food and a much better wine list. The bar there was also much cheaper.	
Oct 21 2006	Only stay at the Imperial if you are French!	Horrible experience. Rude staff, downgraded overpriced hotel. They assumed that we didn't understand French, although my wife does.We were supposed to get a room upgrade if available, but were told that there were none. Next to us was a French couple speaking with the managers standing next to them. The manager told the French couple in French that they would be upgraded, and he would tell the desk clerk once we left the area.We will never stay her again, and go back to the Oberoi, who really have the best hotels in India.	
Oct 14 2006 	Excellent hotel although a little over priced	This hotel is an oasis of calm and sophistication and just about lived up to our expectations.We had booked into a Heritage Room, which was beautifully furnished and very large. The bathroom was however a little small for a room of this price ($430 per night). Our room was on the ground floor and, despite the hugest and most comfortable beds, we hardly slept due to noise from outside our window. We requested to be moved for our second night and we re-positioned in an identical room on the 3rd floor; much better.The hotel is furnished with loads of antiques, pictures and other objects that make it a very interesting place to walk round. The inner court-yard is a lovely place to have coffee or cocktail and the outdoor terrace restaurant (1911) seems to be the place in Delhi to have lunch. We found the food in the 1911 Terrace to be lovely, but the service to be some of the worst we had in India. Having said that, when we had breakfast the next day (which was amazing – a fantastic range of food) we were served very well.We ate in the Spice Route restaurant, which has very exotic decoration. The menu is from all over Asia and both the food and service were very good. We found the laundry service to be excellent. We phoned at 3pm for 3 garments to have express (2 hour) service. On handing over a blouse I pointed out a small tear, trying to show that I knew about the tear, so I would not be blaming them for it. The garments were returned 30 minutes later, pristinely pressed and the tear was mended!Overall, we felt that the rooms were slightly overpriced but we would definitely stay there again if in Delhi.	
Oct 14 2006 	Luxury heritage hotel	Luxury in Delhi. Vaste room, great service. convenient location for the centre of Delhi - Conaught place and the shops: The tibetan market is 2 min walk from the hotel (great for silk but bargain hard), and from the governemental shop- coutry cottage emporium, where prices are fixed (careful that at the exit of the hotel some guys will tell you that it is closed in order to draw you in his shop!). For food try the South East Asian restaurant but keep away from the Italian one.	
Oct 5 2006 	They dont come much better ...anywhere!	Where would one start? One of the finest...worldwide. Service as you can only get in Asia. Massive suites. Superb restaurants ...def. try Spice Route and Daniells. Wonderful atmosphere and renovated to a very high standard. I shall stay no where else when in Delhi.	
Oct 3 2006 	Imperial Blast--One problem after another	Yes, it was overwhelmingly terrible. I'll be the one to push the envelope a bit with honesty and I don't care to be popular. Was in Delhi working for an extended period over the summer. Tried Spice Route a few weeks prior our stay at the Imperial and shouldve taken hint that it was indeed not as hyped-up as we thought--horrible service, maitre d'hotel made us wait with menus out in the foyer for 10-15 minutes after the time of our dinner reservation! Our stay for two nights: booked the heritage room and requested a top floor, instead we were relegated to the ground floor--they claimed all the other suites were booked. Fine. The room was OK, unpolished scratched-up wood parquet flooring--wouldve preferred the marble floors on the upper floors. Area rugs were not vacuumed everyday, even when requested. Our bath water was yellow, called the operator and they sent a plumber who just ran the water to clear the rust from the pipes (had to wait approx 30 minutes after he left for the water to clear). Shower water didn't drain fast enough from the stall, I don't particularly like soaking my feet in shower water. Dry cleaning service was abominable--asked to remove a stain from a newly tailored sari and said item was returned in the same condition. When we approached the laundry guy, he said he could take it back and douse it with kerosene to remove the stain! needless to say, we declined. Dining experience at the other hotel restaurant 1911 was hugely disappointing. Chinese dim sum dumplings stuck onto banana leaf and broke apart at the touch of a fork, hamburger was raw, and lobster bisque smelled of plastic. Manager Bilbao came over and tried to smooth things over--that was the nicest part of our stay but was not enough to undo the damage of an upsetting hotel and dining experience. He owes us dinner should we ever force to bring ourselves to the Imperial. Check out was a disaster: mistakenly charged for water from the fridge--which in fact was the bottled water we bought from outside since there was none when we first arrived. Buffet breakfast is good, though the waitstaff seemed to be in a frenzy and manager tried to show us the farthest table from the buffet in the sunroom and hesitated when we requested to be seated at one of the nearer tables in the main room. Other guests are not so nice and considerate. One family left their room door open to have their matters echo into the hallway. Oh, one last thing, Maria Shriver store me down at the breakfast buffet. How rude!	
Oct 1 2006 	A Haven of Calm	While living, studying and teaching in Delhi and Dehradun The Imperial Hotel became my haven of calm in the midst of India's seeming chaos.Between the years 1999 and 2005 I celebrated each of my own or my partner's birthdays there. We both enjoyed the hotel's attention to detail, and the importance of the guest's every pleasure and comfort. I was always touched by the fact that we were either given the same room from year to year (one we especially loved) or upgraded at no extra charge to a suite if the room we like so much was unavailable.On our birthdays we always found a birthday cake waiting in our room (no extra charge), plus flowers, our favourite drinks and snacks. This made entertaining friends very simple!We have used the hotel's fabulous lunch buffet on the outdoor terrace, overlooking the private garden for parties with friends. Each event went flawlessly. Food was/is always delicious and the service is always attentive yet not overbearing.This winter a trip to India is planned in December, and a birthday party at the Imperial is being looked forward to with much joy and anticipation.	
Sep 28 2006 	Old Raj splendor	This is a truly first-rate hotel, with a beautiful interior, great bars and restaurants, and luxurious rooms. Personal service/attention is top-notch, and I got comfortable (and complimentary) rides both to and from the airport. My only substantive complaints are two: First, the cashier put huge holds on my credit card that lingered even well after I had checked out and settled the bill. This was quite annoying, but may have been a fluke. Second, everything is ridiculously expensive, from minibar to restaurants. Still, if you have the rupees, you cannot do better than this!	
Sep 1 2006 	Good hotel if your loaded	This is a lovely hotel; clean, good facilities, excellent service, good food and a brilliant location. It is a great contrast to the hustle and bustle of the city and a good place to relax.The only downers are the slightly pompous clientele and the enormous prices. The owner of this place must make a fortune!	
Aug 22 2006 	Not as good as other luxury hotels in India	My wife and I stayed at the Imperial Hotel in mid-August right after spending two days at the outstanding no-tipping Oberoi Amarvilas, Agra. The Imperial seemed a high class tourist factory by comparison. We can't blame the hotel for their well-heeled but rude guests, but an extended family occupied the room next to ours and left the door open, making the hall an extension of their room for the convenience of their effusively happy guests and well-wishers. The false colonial atmosphere is thin when reality sets in. You'll be sure to experience the costumed doorman's pregnant 90-second car door close for those slow to tip and the ever-helpful bathroom sink faucet turner-oner and towel-hander. The grand hotel show would be charming if the staff were faultless, but there were all-too-human lapses that were never seen at the Oberoi. There was only one bottle of water in the room when we checked in. One staff promised to phone us with information and never did. Another got our order for the boutique wrong. I asked the telephone operator to connect me to Thai International Airways city ticket office (and I told her the name of the building). When she checked and called back, I asked her what was the correct number and she didn't tell me. Instead she connected me to the Thai International airport office, and they kindly told me the number of the city office (of course, I was charged for the call to the airport). A card in the room proudly offers special pillows, but of two kinds that we requested, only one could be located during our 2-day stay. The buffet breakfast is spectacular, and the food in the restaurants is excellent, though not as good a value as Amarvilasi in Agra, Before we checked out, we called for a porter to get our two large suitcases. After 10 minutes, we wheeled them to the lobby ourselves where a porter ran the last four steps to take them from us. Other things, including Internet, did work well, and we can see why others were ecstatic with the Imperial. But we had just come from a hotel with better trained staff and real heart.	
Jul 18 2006	Nothing else to say other than - PERFECT	The Imperial describes itself as &quot;amongst the finest hotels in Asia&quot; and I have no hesitation to say that it is THE finest city hotel in Asia. We stayed for 2 nights in an Art Deco Suite having been upgraded from a Heritage Room. Our rate was $200 per night including tax which was more than reasonable in particular in comparison with other 5* Star hotels in capitals around the globe. The suite was beautifully furnished, spacious and provided an Oasis where we could relax. The service was impeccable throughout the hotel and there was not a single staff member we ran into who did not greet us with a smile. It was quite clear from the beginning that all staff took pride in what they were doing. We ate at the Italien restaurant and were very pleased with the variety of food, the quality and in particular the affordable wine list. On departure we had to order breakfast in room as the restaurant opens at 06:00am which was when had to leave. Breakfast in room is available from 04:30am. We made a note on the breakfast card to deliver it at 05:30am sharp instead of the usual 30 minute window hotels normally grant themselves. And so it was, the door bell rang at exactly 05:30am! All in all, a beautiful hotel which even if you don't stay there is worth the visit as it could also function as an art gallery.	
Jul 8 2006	Old world charm	Old world colonial charm except that me &amp; my wife preffered the ultra efficient service &amp; the great sleep we had at the nearby Shangri La .Back fromJaipur, ITC Maurya was another let down.	
Jul 7 2006	Saved by the Imperial	Our stay at the Imperial came at the end of an exhausting time in India. We arrived at 7.00 in the morning our room wasnt ready - so they made another available for our immediate use. We were on our honey moon and the kitchen provided a scrumptious chocolate cake. The rooms were lovely. The suite was sumptious and luxurious. We ate at two restaurants superb food and service - The Imperial and the service makes Delhi memorable in lovely ways. Recommend the Imperial every time - people and management and experience - wonderful.	
Jun 20 2006	Enjoyed The Imperial	We were booked into The Imperial by the small agency handling our independent itinerary in both Winter, 2004 and Winter, 2005. We loved the location, the helpful, smiling staff, the heritage, the gleaming facility and the sumptuous breakfast buffet. Our room wasn't on a &quot;Princess Diana&quot; level, but it had everything we wanted. We're definitely not royals, but felt like it--the way we were treated there. The desk always changed our Rupee notes for smaller denominations without a hassle. An added plus is being able to walk outside past the gate and right onto Janpath Road where the shopping for trinkets is right there waiting for a bargain. We left bags stuffed with our Janpath &quot;treasures&quot; in the left luggage (when we departed for the desert) until our last night in India when we returned to The Imperial several weeks later--very handy. Would we stay at The Imperial again? Yes! We're returning mid-October this year. We know it's not the fanciest in town, but we were totally pleased.	
Jun 1 2006 	Top property - beautiful artwork and tasty restaurants	So happy that I decided to try the Imperial instead of one of the big International brands in town. .. Had a great 4 night business stay in mid May heat wave. Started out well before my arrival when helpful staff at the Concierge/travel desk advised me on how to spend my one day off, arranged train tickets to Agra, and my airport pickup. Food service manager booked my Saturday night reservation at well regarded, Spice Route. Airport pickup was seamless - a spotless Rangerover (or Landcrusier or some luxe SUV!) with driver and hotel rep, ice cold water, and cool towels. We stopped to rescue a fellow guest whose hotel car had been involved in a fender bender but made the easy drive to the hotel in less than 20 minutes. Check in was fine - though not especially warm. Common areas are dramatic and beautiful and every inch of the hotel has fabulous Colonial-era artwork displayed. There are pretty fountains and statues and several attractive restaurants. The pool area is attractive though nothing spectacular. Beverage service there was efficient and friendly. The website promised Spa does not exist yet (date TBA) though I was told that there was a small beauty parlor and that room massage was available.... Food and service were solid at all outlets, though the bar servers at the 1911 were a little harried one night and left everyone waiting 15+ minutes for a drink. Dinner at the Italian spot was great - Basil sorbet was a fab dessert choice. Spice Route was very good. Club sandwich and such was very well done at the 1911. Thali-style lunch at Daniel's was really special. And the all-Bruschetta menu in the terrace courtyard was an interesting option for a light snack. Phew! On to the room: I was given a smoking room instead of my requested NS room, but it had enough charm (and no stale smoke smell) that I didn't bother to change. The king bedded room was spacious with tasteful furnishings, flat screen TV, well-designed storage, and an immaculate bath. My view was over the internal courtyard - which was fine for me. I paid a very low $149/night. Business Center was very efficient and professional though I thought prices were high - even by an International standard (as I recall 250 INR per page for a fax - apx US$5.50!)... Location is good - short walk along Janpath shopping arcade to Connaught Place or easy taxi access to anywhere. The addition of a spa will be a great ammenity as travel in India can be overwhelming because of the beauty and sadness. I will stay here again.	
May 21 2006 	The Delhi Classic	Outstanding experience from start to finish. Airport transfer in brand new limousine with responsible driver (and that's something in India!), 2-minute check-in, elegant rooms oozing colonial splendour. Ate in the Spice Route restaurant. Generous portions, fine cooking and friendly staff. I've been coming back to this hotel time and again as it provides a welcome relief from the usual 5-star clones that all look and feel the same. The Imperial has character!	
May 3 2006	This Hotel is Fabulous	My Mum and I stayed her as part of our &quot;big&quot; india trip Dec / Jan 2006.It is without a doubt the best hotel I have ever stayed in (and I've stayed in some fab ones). Ignore the earlier reviews. The staff are very friendly - take the time to chat to them, we had some great chats with the guys in the bar about India in general and cricket in particular. We wanted to visit one of the restaurants with the beautiful decor when it wasn't open and the restaurant manager took the time to show us personally... The food excellent, the surroundings gorgeous (and we stayed when they were building the spa - I'm sure its even better now. The hotel itself is full of museum pieces and you can even do a tour of the artefacts if you wish.I can't recommend this hotel enough and will definitely be staying there on my next trip to India.	
Apr 14 2006	Nice hotel!	We stayed here 1 night during our &quot;Golden Triangle&quot; trip and LOVED it! The room was quite large and came with some nice extras like cookies, slippers, bathrobes, etc. The bathroom was also very modern, clean, and nice - compared to other hotel bathrooms even in the U.S. It definitely was a hotel of luxury with history. I enjoyed walking around and looking at all of the artwork. The restaurants were nicely decorated and had good food. The bartenders made good drinks. We wished we could have stayed here longer.	
Mar 11 2006	very very good	The several reviews before mine are in no way accurate reagarding this magnificent hotel.I would not be surprised if they were written by competing hotels.The Imperial is by far the best hotel in Dehli.Although the oberoi prperties in rajasthan are some of the best in the world the one in Dehli does not even come close to the magnificent Imperial hotel.Great rooms,fantastic staff and service.Dehli itself is a dirty chaotic city that is a poor introduction to a magic country--dont get disheartened it gets better.The Imperial provides a great oasis of calm.Beautifully restored by its sikh owners who have committed their staff to the highest levels of service.When In Dehli stay at the Imperial.The much touted connaught place is not so great and the government cottage emporium shop much touted by guidebooks down the street is a joke.You can buy the same goods in the usa and europe at half the price.Shoppping in Rajasthan is much better..	
Feb 24 2006	Average experience	I spent 2 nights Feb 20 &amp; 21 at the Imperial in New Delhi after spending 3 nights at the Oberio. Here's my take: The bad--My room was probably the worst in the hotel. The linens were soiled and the room was extremely noisy. We asked to switch rooms within 2 hours and never heard back from the reception. Upon asking again, same story. Now for the good- great locating near Connaught Place and very impressive lobby and great restaurants. We dined at the Spice room 2 times and 1911 twice as well. Food was great and they disounted the food bill 50% for using American Express. Overall, my experience was average to poor. The Oberoi's rooms were much, much nicer and the service was better.	
Feb 17 2006	Don't stay there. Go for afternoon tea.	The Imperial was originally an art deco hotel, built by Luytens as a sign of the new India. Today it is an anachronism, It is like an overdressed dowager still waiting for a 1920's tea dance to begin. The problem is that in 2006 the dowager is definately dotty and has some very strange ideas about how the world works.Very little of todays booming and optimistic India can be sensed in a hotel where the waiters wear rather grubby regimental uniforms, which might give the tourists a pretty patronising picture but miss the point.The rooms vary widely within a category. A heritage room can mean many things. The showers are wonderful, although the lack of a seperate conditioner, just shampoo/conditioner combined, was annoying.However, clearly at this price the place is more than comfortable but special it is not. My advice is go for afternoon tea have a look but stay elsewhere.The best thing about The Imperial was the staff member who knew how to humourously exploit the over the top nature of the place. The worst thing, the need to hassle for a good room upon arrival and the tip hungry staff.At the Imperial, I felt like I was on a conveyor belt for well heeled tourists. If you want luxury in India, the Oberoi's are the best.	
Feb 11 2006	Top notch though impersonal	We stayed at the Imperial in January 2006. It was perfectly nice and we were happy we'd arranged a pickup from the airport. Our room looked out on to the garden and was spacious and comfortable. It was a little disappointing that the pool was closed and also the restaurants were fully booked, being New Year. The hotel is beautiful and a museum in itself. My only complaint was that the service was quite impersonal - we'd just come from the Ritz in Singapore and it didn't have the same level of attentiveness or interest. However it is a landmark and is worth the visit.	
Feb 11 2006	Overpriced pantomine in need of a cleaner	The category “heritage room” covers a multitude of sins – and some (few) rather nice rooms which may be had in exchange for a demonstration of stubborn recalcitrance and insistence in the face of an impassive explanation that there is some variation in the quality of “heritage” rooms. Only too true.The staff fawn uniformly and services varies between fair to average and not home at all. All expect the requisite tip in every interaction, with payment now and service in &quot;maybe&quot; an hour or so. Information provided is often accurate – but rather misleading in its omissions. For example: “Yes madam; the swimming pool is just round there” does rather make one expect to find a functional swimming pool with water rather than a boarded up construction site with no water.Once you disregard the scruffiness and enter the pantomime it is quite fun – but not worth the price. At half the price it would be fine.Alternatively skip the pantomime and check into the Shangri-la – real 5 star value for money with elegance and position (and just around the corner).	
Feb 6 2006 	Being Served...	This hotel is a cut above the rest, if you can stomach having ten people serving you at all times. The entire establishment really is a throwback to colonial times- from the architecture to the distinct feeling of priviledge. That said, the rooms are huge with some ammenities I have never seen elsewhere (lint rollers for example), and the location is great. Any desire you might have will be attended to. I am a tour creator and had a group stay here and every single participant loved The Imperial. They raved about it for days! Be forewarned that internet access at the business center is outrageously priced, as are most menu items. Auto rickshaws are not allowed onto the hotel premises, but if you step outside the compund they are readily available and a great way to get around if you are in a real hurry. One last thing- the pool is currently closed- you cannot even peak at it- and the gardens are pretty much non-exsistant due to a spa construction.	
Feb 3 2006	Difficult staff and a lesson in fighting for what you want	I stayed at the Imperial in January 2006 and did not share the enthusiasm of previous reviewers. While the lobby and corridors are stunning, I found this to be the only positive feedback on my stay as a whole. The restaurants are very pricey, the service at the hotel is abysmal, the rooms are very cold in January, the swimming pool is closed, and breakfast is opulent but the food is dull and uninteresting. Problems with service: faulty communication between travel agent and reception desk, 2 hours to retrieve a sweater from lost and found, 1 hour average response for extra blankets.We used a travel agent and got very so so rooms on ground floor next to the service area (therefore a non stop flow of staff and noise in front of your door). At my second stay, I refused such a room and was told the hotel was entirely booked but, when I insisted, I was shown a nice quiet room on the 1st floor.While hotels in India can be a challenge, the Imperial requires an amount of stubbornness unsurpassed in my travels. If you want to stay there, make sure you know what you get in terms of rooms and are prepared to fight for it.	
Jan 25 2006	This is one of the great hotels of the world	The Imperial is a Delhi institution, but not one that is riding on its past laurels. It's great - it embraces you as you come in dirty and hot, and soothes your aches away. This is an immaculate hotel, which draws on the imperial past, but doesn't glorify it. The architecture has strong art-deco influences, gardens and pool are very nice. The bar will pull you in many times - it's very old, with perfectly trained bar staff.Make sure you get a room with an outside view - the atrium facing rooms are a little bit gloomy during the day.	
Jan 21 2006	Overpriced	When we arrived to our room at the Imperial around 11 pm after a very long travel day we thought our very expensive heritage room was just ok but we were too tired to do anything about it. But that night, the heat did not work (and it was cold) and the toilet would intermittently not stop running water. The next morning when I pulled back the curtains, I saw that we were looking down upon an ugly construction site. We had paid top dollar for the supposed luxury of this hotel and the &quot;extras&quot; of a heritage room. When I complained at the front desk they seemed disinterested but finally someone agreed that if we would pack our bags they would move us to a nicer room with a nicer view before we came back at the end of our tour day. Well we got back and nothing had happened then we were told that the hotel was full and there were no rooms. After much complaining and consistent disinterest from the hotel staff they showed me 2 different rooms at around 6:30 and 7:30 pm both of which weren't any nicer than the one we had and neither of which had a view. At this point I was just too tired to move and gave up since the toilet seemed to be working properly now and we were leaving the next day. They never took responsibility and kept saying that I had not booked a room with a view. Of course, my issue was not so much that I did not get a great view, but that the rooms themselves were not up to my expectations for the $360 we were paying and at any other hotel your room would be discounted if you had a ugly construction out the window. They really never offered an apology and were unresponsive to my complaints. Now I must say that all of the public spaces and restaurants are truly beautiful in every way and that we got good service at both the Spice Route and 1911 restaurants once we actually got the attention of a waiter. I peaked in some other rooms while wandering the halls and noted they did have nicer rooms. So I think the quality is very inconsistent and the price value ratio at this place is way off . Don't know what other hotel options exist but I would only stay here if you get a much better price and can somehow demand one of the updated rooms.	
Jan 18 2006	fantastic fantastic	Worth every penny . . . . . a must for a couple of days of luxury . . the best in Delhi . . we paid about £200 per night . . after travelling for 3 weeks, we'd had enough of basic hotels and this was bliss	
Jan 18 2006	Expensive and unimpressive rooms	Checked into our heritage room on 27th December which was dark dingy with dirty rug. We asked to be moved and were told hotel was full. Asked again later and was shown a room on the outside of hotel which was better but very noisy with traffic noise outside.Main hotel restaurant and breakfast, the service was slow and miserableSpice route restaurant, fantastic decor but food extremely expensive and have had better.Drink prices were way overpriced.	
Jan 13 2006	One of the world's top hotels	Simple one of the best hotels in the world. Sophisticated and elegant, the hotel and its interiors are works of art in and of themselves.	
Jan 11 2006	This must be the best hotel in India	We stayed at The imperial in December '05.This is a top class traditional hotel.The building and the interior is truly superb. The staff are professional and helpful. It's not cheap but you will have to look very hard to find any fault.If you are visiting for the first time I would strongly reccommend this hotel. Beware a cheap hotel in Delhi may be a total shock to your system!	
Jan 7 2006	Though The Imperial was Great!	The Imperial was the first hotel in which we stayed in India and was unsurpassed by any other. The hotel has a lot of character - the corridors and restaurants are repleat with 19th century printings and etchings. It was also spotlessly clean and the hotel staff were polite and helpful at all times. The hotel is a true haven from the hustle and bustle of the surrounding city. We enjoyed the buffet breakfast and also ate dinner one night in The Spice Route and the other night in the 1911 Restaurant. The food was delicious in both. We whole heartedly recommend this hotel.	
Jan 4 2006	Elegant	The wide, well lit corridors of this hotel have interesting high quality paintings of India on the walls. Rooms are spacious. WiFi okay but not great. Service excellent. Probably the best place to stay in a depressing city. The Delhi airport is frequently fog-bound in Dec and Jan. Huge delays in a sub-standard airport.	
Jan 3 2006	Looks good ...	The Imperial looks very nice indeed. Our room was nicely furnished and was spotlessly clean. However, we did have some problems with the service at the hotel. There was a blockage in the drain of the shower which we reported on our arrival. If anyone did come to investigate then we were not aware of it since the problem persisted throughout our stay. Also be careful to check that you are billed correctly for any treatments in the barber/beauticians. We also found that staff couldn't really cope with a sudden rush of people coming down for breakfast. We had to wait for a table and then waited some considerable time for the toast and tea we ordered (my fried egg never did materialise ...). Hope this doesn't sound too down on this lovely hotel, but little things matter when you are in this price range.	
Jan 3 2006	Loved this hotel	We were lucky to have two stays at this hotel at the begining &amp; end of our holiday.I loved this hotel a tranquil oasis set back from the hustle &amp; bustle of Delhi, we could easily stayed here for a month.We were booked into Heritage rooms on both our stays, wonderfully clean, fresh &amp; spacious.Believe you me the Imperial serves the best breakfast in India. Wonderful fresh squeezed fruit juices, good selection cereals, fresh fruit with yoghurt &amp; home made pastries to finish off.We were unfortunate not to be able to eat in the spice route restaurant as it was booked up with conferences. We tried the italian San Gimignano &amp; the 1911, both of these restaurants passed our expectations. The good thing about the Imperial hotel is that they do not add chilie powder to every meal unlike others in India.My wife &amp; I have stayed at Raffles hotel &amp; for me The Imperial comes a close second. Thank you Imperial I will recommend you to anyone visiting Delhi.	
Dec 30 2005 	Colonial spleandour at its best!!!	Just returned from a trip to New Delhi and this hotel is simply fantastic.I checked in and out of this hotel twice and had fantastic rooms on both occasions. The service and staff were very helpful and nothing was too much of a problem to them. The general decor of the hotel is colonial spleandour at its best!! The business centre is always very useful to me for email access etc and the wi-fi connectivity they have at the Imperial is excellent. Overall I have no complaints, will be staying there again next time and would strongly recommend this hotel to any visitors to Delhi.	
Dec 25 2005	Indulge your British Colonial fantasies	Like most of the reviewers, we had a great experience at the Imperial. Yes, it is costly, but for the service, location, art and decor it was worth the indulgence. We arrived via plane in the middle of the night, and Imperial staff were there for pickup. Beds/pillows are comfortable. Noise was not a problem. Complimentary breakfast(cereals, yogurt, fruit, pastries, juice, eggs) was available and was fine. As other reviewers noted, the Imperial also houses a restaurant touted by Conde Nast as one of the top ten restaurants in Asia. While the decor and presentation were great, the quality of food was no better than a good Thai/ SE Asian restaurant in the US or UK. The other restaurants served good, if pricey, food.	
Dec 21 2005	Fantastic and doesn't have to cost a mint!	This is easily the best hotel we've ever stayed at. The reviews say it all - perfect service, gorgeous surroundings, fantastic food. But, know that it doesn't have to cost a huge fortune! We got a $249 rate and while our room was smallish, it was on the beautiful first floor, a short walk to the lobby and restaurants and near the business center where you can email and fax to your heart's content. And I would recommend the 1st floor, if you can get it, higher up the hallways get shabbier - per my walkabout one day to admire the artwork. And the FURNITURE! If you are an antique buff at all, make a whole hotel wander part of your itinerary, especially the long main central hallways on each floor. You will be well rewarded. Also be sure to enjoy the breakfast - silver service galore - and the Spice Route restaurant. Contrary to some reviews, our meal there was superb, and the decor is not to be missed. Our only complaint was noise. We were on the end, and the walls do not block out the road noise, nor the sounds of the wedding party outside. The pool suffers from the same road noise problem, and they are doing some kind of renovation out back, so a large part of the rear gardens are torn up and blocked off. But for the rate we paid, we were still thrilled - we plan to return on our next trip.	
Oct 19 2005	Perfect!	The Imperial is a wonderfuly restored old Colonial hotel. Great location. Terrific rooms. Helpful, attentive staff. Great breakfasts!We had a very large room - maybe a junior suite. Very tall ceilings - peaceful, elegant. Great amenities. You can walk to some great markets and the Government Handicraft store is nearby. The grounds are beautiful. They serve both Indian and European food at breakfast, and we always had the Indian breakfast including the fresh lassi and fresh squeezed juices. Very clean. We would never stay in Delhi without staying in the Imperial.	
Oct 10 2005	One of the best	I stayed here recently for 2 nights with my wife after our wedding. The hotel looks amazing and the rooms are excellent. With its wide marble corridors and the staff in their uniforms it makes for an excellent setting. The rooms are excellent in their size and furnishings and we found the service from the staff to be top notch. The real highlight however are the number of paintings in the hotel, it is full of them and we spent some time just wandering the huge halls looking at them. Its nice to find a hotel with something a little different from the bland rooms you often get from the top chains, and the Imperial has real character. After the Imperial we left for Australia and after staying in numerous hotels for our trip both me and my wife felt the Imperial was the best of the lot. Having stayed in some of the other hotels in Delhi we think its the best hotel in Delhi and a pleasure to stay at, indeed its one of the best hotels I've ever stayed at	
Oct 8 2005	Disappointed at first	I had booked a Deluxe suite in advance but on arrival was checked into a Deco suite. As I had an idea what the rooms should look like I knew something wasn't right. I mentioned that I had booked a deluxe suite and the woman checking me in said that it was indeed a Deco suite and it was just as good as the one I had booked. I started to make a fuss so she called the assistant room manager who explained to me that all the deluxe suites were being refurbished, I doubted this as on the website it states that all work has taken place and how come I was able to book it in the first place ? but there was some building work going on so this may have been true .As I didn't like the Deco suite I settled for a Heritage suite but had to haggle the price down as they wanted me to pay the same as I would have for a deluxe suite. It is a Very nice hotel but like a few places I've stayed at in India they need to sort out their reservations system. It is a fantastic place to stay and I would say one of the best hotels I have been to.	
Sep 29 2005	Disappointed	As per the previous reviewer we had problems with the Imperial. We had a confirmed booking, made over 4 months before arrival. They met us at the train station and took us to the hotel without any real problems. Firstimpressions were great. However on checking in they advised that the room was not quite ready and would we wait. About 10 minutes later the duty manager came to advise that a large government delegation had not left, they couldn't be found, and I'm sorry but we have no rooms. After asking for the general manager he finally came and gave us the same story. He did however offer to provide us with a car and driver and to dine in the hotel at their expense. A nice gesture, but as we had wanted to stay in the hotel, not quite the result we wanted. We ended up calling the concierge at the Oberoi (we had just finished a 12 day trip in their magnificent hotels across India) and he found us a room at the Oberoi. (Check out my report on this hotel).The Imperial still supposedly couldn't find us a room the next day, but again sent a car for our use and again offered diner at their &quot;top ten&quot; restaurant the Spice market. Don't know why it's so special. The food was OK but not so greatl as to get a top 10. (The Spice Market in the Bangkok Regent now the 4 Seasons, is much better.) None the less, the hotel is an architectural masterpiece. Very old world, and in the British Raj style. Recently renovated superbly. Gardens not what I expected tho. Designed by the great British architect Edward Luytens (famous for his garden seat). Worth visiting if in Delhi. But as Jerry Seinfeld puts it, &quot;you know how to take a reservation, just not how to keep it&quot;.The Oberoi on the other hand, knows how to really look after you.	
Sep 1 2005 	Be Prepared...	Generally a nice hotel, but I left feeling cheated and lied to - I generally felt like a walking wallet, and although I tipped generously and often, it often felt like it was way too much work to get anything accomplished. The staff were constantly smiling but seemed consistently confused. Isn't it a common request to be received at the airport? We signed up for the best room available, and weren't given what we were promised. We eventually were able to switch rooms at a significant premium.The food was not very good. The breakfast buffet is mostly mass produced doughnuts, muffins, etc. as well as bland fruit.We also ate at the restaurant downstairs, touted as &quot;One of the top ten restaurants in the world by Conde Nast.&quot; Avoid the restaurant if possible, we were seated next to a very noisy large group and after struggling through our appetizers we were moved after puzzled and annoyed looks from the waitress. The food was very mediocre; it was good, but definitely not worthy of their &quot;Top Ten&quot; claim. Similar to what we expect from our local Thai take out restaurant. Only ten times as costly. The price of typical restaurant food in India is much lower than comparable meals in the US, so the prices here were exorbitant. It cost around 100USD for dinner for two.The pool is very small for a hotel, and got quite crowded at the times we used it. Also around dusk the pool gets bombarded with a swarm of flying bats that skim a few inches above the water's surface. We were never actually hit or attacked but it was extremely unnerving.In general the grounds were nice, although much smaller than anticipated after reading about the &quot;sprawling gardens&quot; etc. The grounds consist of about 100 feet of grass surrounding the hotel before it meets the busy street.Be careful with the minibar, they give you a small bottle of water on arrival, and the rest you have to pay for at 3 dollars apiece. This could add up quickly since the tap water is not potable.I haven't experienced other hotels in Delhi, so it's possible that they are worse, but I would not return to the Imperial.	
Aug 23 2005	The only place to stay in Delhi	I've stayed here four times now and I would never stay anywhere else in Delhi. It's possibly my favourite hotel in the world - luxurious without losing its 1931 character. The Spice Route restaurant is a must, as is touring the wide marble corridors to see the original early 19th century watercolours and art deco sculptures. If you need a great sleep on soft pillows and a huge dose of unbridled luxury after touring India, stay here - you won't want to step outside.	
Aug 22 2005	Highly rated hotel	One of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. Almost exceeded Raffles in Singapore, that's saying something. Rooms not quite as booked on check in so got upgraded to a suite. We were only there two nights, wished it had been longer. The rate included meeting at airport, go for this it really smoothes the path - the hotel rep and drivers were very professional and got us to the hotel in quick time in the rush hour. Excellent reception from the fabulous doormen (and lovely women). Particularly striking was the wonderful fragrance that met you as you entered the hotel. Every member of staff we encountered was friendly and welcoming. Attention to detail superb. You could spend a week roaming the corridors gazing at the superb artwork, furniture and so on. The IT/business staff were superb, got me online with my sad old laptop in no time courtesy of a loaned wireless thingy.Breakfast buffet OK, but the restaurants at night are excellent. Try the Spice Route, great food but the room is just out of this world. For really great food go to the 1911 for drinks in the bar (best Bloody Mary ever, I had to have another just to be really sure!) and then on to the restaurant for superb Provence style French food. Whatever you do have the Chocolate Souffle - total indulgence and one of the best I've had, including all over France. Room service (for the kids) was among the swiftest I've ever had. The pool area is good, and the grounds are beautiful. Just up the road is a McDonalds, but don't go there for a meat fix as of course there is no beef. Also opposite is Central Cottage Industries Emporium (dont believe the hustlers who tell you its closed and try and get you in their taxi to take you to another store). Here you can buy all manner of carvings, ornaments and clothes at good prices without the hassle of haggling over price. I could do with that place at Christmas!There isn't a downside to this hotel I can think of, except having to leave it. When I pass through Delhi again I wouldn't even look at another hotel.	
Aug 3 2005	Wonderfull!!!	Wonderful hotel and marvellously placed. Ideal environment of the colonial epoch, everything is impeccable in this hotel from its commodes rooms up to the magnificent restaurants (The Spice Route is incredible) and bars (it is an oasis inside the city). I adore it.	
Jul 22 2005	fabulous		
Jun 3 2005	The Imperial is simply beyond the slightest reproach		
May 22 2005	The best hotel on our RTW trip!		
Mar 28 2005	Truly 5 Star		
Mar 17 2005	One of the Best in Delhi		
Jan 23 2005	Great hotel but a tip		
Jan 11 2005	Fabulous hotel -- look no farther in Delhi		
Nov 15 2004	Imperial elegance at its best!		
Oct 20 2004	The best hotel I've ever stayed in		
Jun 24 2004	Loved the Imperial Hotel New Delhi		
Oct 30 2009 	Profumi inebrianti		
Oct 27 2009 	Nunca más		
Sep 13 2009 	Indimenticabile		
Aug 31 2009 	Agréable hôtel de luxe		
Aug 24 2009 	mauvaise expérience		
Jul 19 2009 	El mejor aterrizaje en la India		
Jun 14 2009 	Una esperienza estremamente piacevole		
Jun 6 2009 	Inoubliable		
Apr 22 2009 	Un endroit magique		
Apr 20 2009 	De retour à l'Impérial - Trés agréablement surpris.		
Mar 30 2009 	Déçu		
Feb 26 2009 	indimenticabile!!!!!		
Jan 27 2009	Steuern		
Oct 7 2008 	??????		
Aug 5 2008 	Un vrai palais en plein coeur de la ville		
Mar 7 2008 	Un excellent 5 étoiles plein de charme		
Jan 31 2008	Très bel hôtel luxueux		
Jan 25 2008 	Colonial		
Dec 13 2007	une honte pour un palace		
Nov 9 2007	palace de centre ville		
Aug 28 2007 	un peu déçue....		
Aug 19 2007	Décor enchanteur et service hors pair		
Jun 13 2007 	Un bien bel hotel hors de prix		
Mar 13 2007	Un verdadero palacio		
