	Good Stay	It is good hotel with nice AQUA bar at central location in ND	
	life is simple	I like this hotel. Properly maintained, clean and neat. The rooms are big enough for a comfortable stay with your loved ones. Offer a good variety of food with a smile	
Nov 23 2009	Avoidable like all Park Properties	Like most Park Hotels, this one is full of noisy teenagers and over dressed local people.The hotel website is three times more expensive than any online agent would offer.I would suggest, avoid this so called brand.	
Nov 18 2009 	just dont stay there	We arrived at Park Hotel at 18.00 on a Friday and we were just shocked. Since we are hoteliers, we asked for an upgrade and they provided us with the super luxurious room which had GLASS WALLS between the bathroom and the room. As you can imagine i could hear everything that was happenning in the bathroom....the bed linen were full of hair stuck on them...the bathroom was very dirty...a lot of hair on the floor and the bathtub...also there was no hand shower..so the water was only coming from the top..breakfast was ok...a lot of variety but still it looked a bit dirty again maybe because my mind was on the hair i found on the bed..the restaurant was fine too. In general this is not a 5 star hotel for me! I have a 3 star hotel in Greece and it s far better than this..just UNACCEPTABLE!!!	
Nov 10 2009 	Please find another place...	This is NOT a 4 or 5 star hotel - maybe, just barely, a good 3 star. The rooms are very small, the hotel looks well worn, the meals at the restaurants are much-much-much too expensive - as are the drinks at the bar (close to $20 for a shot of scotch - please!). On top of this the room rates are way over priced. I paid close to $230 for a room that should have gone for about half that. Beware, the photos on the web site look good, but do not tell the true story. In Italian we would call it a &quot;bella figura&quot; - in English it would be called putting a good face on ****. I also found the staff to be too pushy. On the good side - the rooms are clean, the upper floors are very quiet, and there is a good selection of breakfast foods.	
Oct 30 2009 	Overpriced and overhyped	Though not quite as unbearably trendy as its siblings in Chennai and Bengaluru, this establishment is not the right place for a serious working traveller to stay - certainly not at the price charged. Go a bit further from the centre of Delhi and you can get much better value. The room was the smallest &quot;five star&quot; room I've ever encountered, and the bed far from being king size was an ordinary 4'6&quot; double. No fruit, no biscuits, no newspapers. Showering was an exciting experience as the water changed by itself from too hot to too cold with a 9 second cycle. Despite many people being in the dining room well before 7 a.m. (the breakfast start time) there was no effort to speed things up and the two waiting staff were already overwhelmed by the time 7 o'clock arrived. Just sliced bread available, no other breads or pastries. I suggested when I checked out that they respond to the clear needs of their customers for an earlier breakfast but it was brushed aside. If you have to stay there, get a room near the top of the building well away from the awful noise of 'music' from the disco late into the night. I will not be returning.	
Oct 18 2009 	OK lot of scope for improvement	Having previously stayed at The Park in Kolkata I was eager to visit the Delhi version. Located right in the heart of the city The Park had nothing much to offer. I would rather call it a building with a bar, a bakery and a discotheque with some rooms.The rooms are ordinary, the staff and the front desk personnel behaved in a very snobbish way. For once I regretted coming here. The staff seemed more interested in entertaining the guests at the Bar and the discotheque rather than the room guests.The only thing like able was the Flury's bakery, their coffee and cakes were just yummy and made me forgot the other negative points. I would only recommend it to people who want to walk around in Connaught Place and central Delhi.	
Oct 8 2009 	Please when can I go back ?	Delhi can be hectic and demanding. The choice of hotel is really important in this part of India , and I am glad to have found The Park. Its brilliant and I would definitely include this hotel on any of my return visits to India . The interior design is very groovy, but not cold. The service and smiles have not been painted over in the decorating effort. The restaurant at the hotel is pricey but briliant. The food is contemporary Indian with odd and unusual splashes from all regions with modern appreciations. Service spectacular. The pool side is really relaxing. Make sure you indulge daily in the breakfast on the ground floor.	
Oct 4 2009 	Not worth it.	Stayed a week at this hotel. The experience was average at best. You know that something is wrong when your asked to wait in the lobby for breakfast. And then made to share a table with someone because &quot;we are busy.&quot;The place lacks the service of a top hotel, and clearly is a business thats more focused on quantity, rather than providing quality. Simply, dont bother staying here.	
Sep 24 2009 	Very average experience- highly priced - low value	1. The car for airport transfer was dirty and very ordinary. The price charged for airport trasfer was around Rs 2000 incl tax one way..The driver's mobile kept ringing all the way from airport to hotel..2. I was the only person checking in..yet thefront desk staff kept insisting I sit down.,. whe you have a long flight you dont want to sit down , you just want to go ahead to your room..low sensitivity..3. The corridors of the hotel rooms were in very poor state - 3rd Floor ..had chipped off tops , lots of finger marks etc'4. The room as such was somewhat of a saving grace..though small yet well appointed...housekeeping in room was good5. The bar is overhyped and over priced6. The Indian food was great ..ordered room ervice and was delicious7. Breakfast was a mess next morning...toast service is vertually not there and there are large queues for toast..Overall very average...for the price paid...I will look another hotel next time	
Sep 6 2009 	only 3 star	We where dissappointed. The design is excellent but the hotel is already 10 years old.The carpets in rooms and corridors are old and overused. Windows where not clean, only one elevator working. In the restaurant you feel like in a students canteen not in a 5* hotel. Many groups. And at the end they tried to charge one night twice. Rather 3 - 4 * Receptionstaff to young and not experienced.	
Aug 30 2009 	Terrible Very Rude Staff Poor Cleanliness Don't Waste Your Money	We were travelling with kids and an older parent. Throughout our stay we had several bad experiences, which you wouldn't expect to find with this kind of hotel. You do not get the service expected, for the kind of money you pay. 1) First there were flies on food at the buffet area every day, flying over all open food items. The staff at the buffet area was not very attentive. 2) We got human hair in food three times during our stay. 3) The water from the flush was black, which caused concern of falling sick, if the same water came from the shower, and if we swallowed it. 4) The rooms were unclean too. The rug was dirty and stained. 5) The phone would start ringing at early hours (5 am) and disturbed our sleep, this happened twice, among the 2 nights we were there. It turned out the phone quipment was faulty. This actually ruined our sight seeing visit next day.  6) My father found a scorpion like insect in his room; he had to call staff member to fumigate the room. 7) Above all, when we requested that our parent and kids sit in the reception/lounge area for an hour and half, after we had checked out, while we got some work done. We were refused outright and they were very rude. We could have ordered a drink or food and just left them there, but we were courteous in asking them first, yet we were not treated in kind. Considering their poor hospitality, we wondered if they would have just kicked them out?  We reported all of above issues to management, however no courtesy was shown and no actions were taken.In the past, we have been to many five start resorts like Taj, ITC Moghul, etc. At any decent hotel, if there was any inconvenience, the senior management would take care of it in a courteous way. We would never visit any Park hotel in the future.&lt;/textarea&gt;	
Aug 5 2009 	great experience and economical	very good facilities ,clean and in the heart of city having market at walking distance.	
Aug 2 2009 	Not a 5 star hotel - maybe a 2 star!	Bar outside played insanely loud music until 3 am which could be heard clearly throughout the room. Kept us awake all night. Thin walls - could hear people talking and even blowing their nose. Poor service - both breakfast and dinner. Breakfast selection - cold and lousy. Elevators broken and rooms really small. Would not stay there again! Awful experience.	
Jul 6 2009 	Pleased with my stay....	Inspite of some bad reviews on the net, I took a chance and stayed at the park during my last trip to Delhi. Ive stayed at &quot;The park&quot; Calcutta on several occasions, where I found the room, service and food to be top notch - the prices were pretty spectacular too, I must add! The property in Delhi was pretty good and I guess if one is not familiar with the design &amp; service philospy of the park group - the rooms &amp; ambience might seem a tad strange. All the fittings in my room and bath were fine - i was really pleased that my room had atleast half a dozen plug points.	
Jul 1 2009 	Ok	I can't say too much good about this place, but not too much bad either. Our room was small but fine. The loud streets of Delhi are right out our window and pigeons were sitting on the ledge the whole time. That would be fine except the feathers actually were under the window and behind our bed. Not too sanitary if you ask me. Dogs barked all night on the street, you are in the middle of the city, you know? The restaurant was good, the Fire restaurant was excellent. Room service was really good one night as I had a falafel and hummous wrap, yummy! It's got a cool feel to it, but that's about it. The breakfast was nothing special and the staff were blah... Sorry I don't have much better to say.	
Jun 27 2009 	Not worth the money	Dowdy room and bathroom.Very expensive restaurant.Pathetic staff uniforms.	
Jun 21 2009 	mal-functioning and poor service	upgrade to club level without all privileges. We had to pay for our Sula wine served in champagne flutes. No snacks.room somehow &quot;cheaply&quot; furnished despite on club level. rain shower very inefficiently working especially getting rid of shampoo and conditioner took ages. The water tempertaure could not be ajusted: remaining only hand-warm. The aircon could not be adhusted: either Hot or FREEZING. The hair blower had powercuts and was of no use at all.The packed breakfast (incl. in the rate and a necessity due to early check-out) consisted or one sandwhich and an apple!The hotel as a whole impressed through unfriendliness, lack of service and malfunctioning features in the room.I particularly disliked the &quot;design&quot; features in the room which were not comfortable at all: 2 tiny tables attached to the couch instead of a decent table which made room service dinner unpleasant.The hotel seemed somehow CHEAP from A to Z.	
Jun 18 2009 	Funky glitzy Indian Five star	One of the pretenders to being a great hotel in Delhi with an Indian twist.The decor is utterly modernistic (though not arty in my view) with the lobby full of glaring shades. However it just cant match the class of the Imperial or hotels like Intercontinetal at Barakhamba (Total business friendly), Claridges or even the Ashok (Excellent value for Money)The rooms are very small when compared to the large ones i have stayed at Intercon or Ashok.Everything else is quite good at part with any Five star though nothing home to write about. Would recommend this to anybody who has business at CP in delhi though Intercontinental is better in opinion.The &quot;Fire&quot; is a happening Nightspot and pool not heated. Gym is quite good and the staff polite and cultivated - a sea change from the ashok.	
Jun 11 2009 	Love the disco-theque 	I was staying at The park at cannaught place many times. I find the hotel interrior is excellent &amp; good hospitality. They are having the very good break-fast, swimming pool &amp; pub. Try this. Restaurant is very expenssive. INR 2000 for one person minimum for good lunch or dinner. There are recption staff are not helping and asking 150 INR for one print which is unusual in India. Overall the stay was wonderfull.	
Jun 10 2009 	Chic and stylish in a central location	I'm a fan of The Park chain of properties in india, and The Park New Delhi demonstrates why.The hotel itself features stylish rooms, great service and an excellent location. Wining and dining on the property attracts the famous and not-so-famous wannabees to the range of bars and restaurants, but for the travellers i have to say that the food is some of the best I have found in any hotel in Delhi.The Park New Delhi offers a very contemporary take on Indian hospitality - and one which I am always happy to accept when I am in the city.	
Jun 9 2009 	ananda spa himalayas stop over	it is meant to be a 5 star holiday but is more like 3-4 star more 3 star... rooms are clean and pretty basic - the tea making faicilities are in big round brown box where the kettle does not work properly - i expect it was designed by someone who is not very practical....i think it is hidious....reception very helpful and courteous but the same cannot be said about the after services elsewhere.... restaurant a real disappointment - plates/cutlery not clean and the presentation of the buffet/lunch/dinner not appetizing nor appealling....watch out for the rowdy music though i think this hotel should be marked out for teenagers and club goers who do not worry about cleaniless or other detail......	
Jun 9 2009 	Functional but unfriendly	Excellent location, bang in Connaught place, jantar mantar, close to offices of Govt and financial establishments, good clean area of Delhi. The hotel is hygenic, quick but unfriendly. Guests are tolerated because you pay. 5 star facilities provided as entitlement not with a smile of hospitality. OK for a quick business trip.	
Jun 5 2009 	OK OK OK	Hotel nicely done, but food quality not good, Pub is waste of time	
Jun 2 2009 	Comfort and convenience at sustainable cost	I was welcomed by the front office staff with a smile. It was great to know that I was upgraded to Residence a special category on 9th and 10th floors. Room CategoriesLuxury Room 87Luxury Premium 97The Residence Room 25Deluxe Suite 07Presidential Suite 04Total No. of rooms 220AMENITIESVoice mail, international direct dial, email, internet facilities, safe deposit lockers and in- room safes, minibar, multi-channel color television with satellite TV,in- room temperature control, hairdryers, in- house laundry, fresh flowers, seasonal fruits, newspaper of choice. The Residence Room and Suites feature Personal fax, VCD player, computer on request, individual digital safe, private Jacuzzi, butler service, private lounge and library.Doctor on call, disabled access and no smoking rooms. 24 hrs currency exchange, 24hrs car hire, and travel services, baby sitting, free car parking and valet services confectionery shop.Electricity: 220V, 50 cycles and 110 V adapters, Guest ElevatorsSERVICE OUTLETSMIST - All Hours Dining RestaurantThe Box - The Box is the city's best address for handpicked gifts items, beauty products, home accessories, stationery, unusual gift items and fashion.Agni: The 35 foot long bar creates its own magicFire: The new Indian restaurant at The Park, New Delhi is designed with the basic element of fire in mind.3 banquet halls: Mantra , Yantra - I and Yantra - II including the prefunction area have a capacity of people in informal style. Aura The Spa brings to you an unforgettable experience with handpicked ingredients, which are used for their purifying and detoxifying properties. Our spa therapists are professionally and extensively trained in a variety of styles and massages that can be customized for you.Aqua: The swimming pool set in the garden, open for members and resident guests from 7am to 7 pm, with lifeguard on duty.The Salon: A beauty parlour and barber shop offering exclusive beauty services and specialized hair care for both men and women.The Spa: The health club and fitness centre offers a range of international fitness machines. 2 private rooms with individual sauna and steam unit and massage facilities are also available. Open for members and residents only.	
Jun 2 2009 	Agi Pub Rocks at this Place!	Rooms are clean and comfortable. The location is excellent and you are centrally located but inspite of this hotel being in CP, there is no noise in the rooms. Best part of this place, specially if you are a party animal is the pub cum disc - The Agni. The place is live and kicking till 3 in the morning so for all party lovers and thirsty crows, this is the place.You can get good food till late hours	
May 13 2009 	Over rated	This hotel is very contemporary, but not classy. Things don't look luxurious, but rather a little on the cheap side. Room furnishings looked a little tired and worn.Lobby and bar are not large enough.Poolside is okay - nice for morning yoga before anyone gets up.	
May 12 2009 	The park again	very good hotel with beuatiful multi cuisine restaurant	
May 6 2009 	Its a Ok hotel	Visited this hotel on a business visit and was the hotel was ok not that great. Can’t have a business meetings inside hotel very loud eating area, rooms are too small it’s a much compact hotel and can’t get clients here for a business deals. Ambiance is not that great but staff and service is very good. Overall for business don’t select this hotel but at a low price if you have work outside and just want to come back and sleep in this hotel then its ok	
May 4 2009 	Loved the room	Hotel park at Delhi , its loacted at New delhi main city , Very close to cannought place and we had taken a Suit which was the most amazing room I had ever seen . I was in the 10th floor with perfect ambience and perfect climate at delhi. It was a magnificient room and the bathroom was very beautifully made. I have stayed their for 2 nights , Hotel also had beautiful restaurant at the top floor with a beautiful view . they have a pub downstairs , shopping is easy as market is close by . Good Food , Good service and everything was Perfect .	
Apr 23 2009 	Excellent Location	Very clean hotel in an excellent location. Plenty of restaurants within walking distance from the hotel. Hotels own restaurants are very good aswell. Service was what you would expect from a 5 star deluxe. Staff very pleasant &amp; courteous. There is a lot going on around the hotel as it is centrally located.Be wary of locals approaching you &amp; trying to be friendly, i.e &quot; I don't want anything, I'm just a student &amp; want to practice my english&quot;. They are just trying to con you into going to stores that pay them to get customers in.Airport is no more than 30 minutes away, so hotel is very central.	
Apr 23 2009 	Better options Available	I Stayed at this property for only one night at their standard room.The check inn was a breeze and absoluetely no issues there.The hotel is in need of some major maintainence which u notice while walking towards the room .As u see walls chipping,paint faiding dirty carpet.e.t.cThe rooms though very modern,and upto date.As they were recently renovated(a couple of years back.) The rooms are very clean though a tad smaller in size.Afamily with even a small child will face problem.The bathrooms again were very clean and were of comfortable size.They have a small pool so those who like their pool workouts beter check.The biggest disappointment is their spa,atrociusly priced and not big enough at all.The gym is ok but they don't have any steam and jacuzzi,plus their sauna was a mouse hole.I tried one of their treatments and i was less then impressed.While checking out i kept on waiting for the bell boy for an hour to take my luggage to the reception for my settelemnt of bills,but despite calling twice he didn.t turn up.So with my small child in my lap i had to take my luggage down on my ownThe hotel entrance is very stylish and chic .But overal if u r looking for luxury and leasure there are much better properties available in very close proximity in same prices.Properties which are big and comfortable.	
Apr 21 2009 	central place	The hotel is located in the central business district of New Delhi and hence is very suitabel for busienss travellers. They have very good club rooms and the decor is exceptional.Food at the fire is really innovative and good.	
Apr 18 2009 	Very accessible and luxurious hotel	The Park is situated in the heart of Delhi and thats the biggest plus for a business traveller... Its a nice luxurious hotel, nothing much to complain about, a typical nice 5 star hotel with a typically nice Indian hospitality.	
Apr 17 2009 	Comfortable and prime location	The Hotel location is ideal, being in the CBD and just oppsite my office. The hotel tends to be noisy due to a constant influx of tourists at all times. The coffee shop has a good menu at all times. However, the staff is not very efficient. Best part of the coffee shop is the buffet. You have to plan to avoid peak times to get a seat. rooms are very comfortable and well laid out. Cleanliness and house keeping as well as other services are good. The front desk staff is good.	
Mar 29 2009	Lovely place to recover from Delhi Belly	I have been surprised by the other comments because I found this hotel, clean, quiet and extremely comfortable - the best bed in India. As I had the room to myself I was not fazed by the bathroom. The service I experienced was superb - there was always someone on hand to help me and boy did I need it!The pool was lovely but unfortunately a little shady. I also had a wonderful facial. My only negative points are the cost of the internet which was certainly excessive and the cost of a bottle of water which I had thought was complimentary while sending emails.	
Mar 23 2009 	Bad first impression	The Park attempts to fit itself into the W genre of hotels, albeit failing pretty miserably. I will try to make this really short:1. Night club music audible, at least in my room, until 4 am. Not good considering I had just gotten off a 20 hour flight and had an early call time.2. The lobby and front is infested with mosquitoes. 3. Understandably, even though I have long hair and am male, there is no need to be openly making fun of me for looking like a female [at least to the staff I might have], very unprofessional.4. Rooms are nicely decorated, but removing 23 ornamental pillows from my bed before finally being able to go to sleep is no fun.5. Room had a glass case with relic in it, even though it might seem cool at first, really, it doesn't say so much about the value placed on such important pieces of one's history.6. No wireless.It just wasn't that great, especially for the price. If you read my review of the Trident in Agra you will notice I mention breakfast at 5AM. The staff at the Park were only willing to sell us two day old pastries. So much for the complimentary breakfast.I'm sure there's better hotels to stay at in Delhi. Unless you like to party until 4 am and don't want to deal with trying to find your way home, stay here. All in one.	
Mar 23 2009	Not sure about the bathrooms	The hotel is of 4 star standard but trying to be 5 star and not making it. The rooms are a good size but I didn't like the frosted glass walled bathrooms which weren'y very private. The rooms were clean and included TV, DVD, hair dryer, kettle. mini-bar etc. The lifts were rather slow and one of the 3 was out of action. The breakfast was good and there is space to sit outside. There's a pool but I didn't have time to use it. The bar is very expensive - 425 rupees (or £6/$10) for a small bottle of beer! I would consider staying here again but I wouldn't drink at the bar!	
Mar 19 2009 	Very nice Hotel.	Clean Hotel Room fine Bathroom...large bath would take a week to fill...Shower a little awkward to work.. but of no great consequence. Pool is outside we didnt use it as it was still quite cool for outdoor bathing. The Hotel is located at the end of an Avenue oposite a Conservatory (Small park) it is 2-3 minutes away from a busy shopping area. We only went down this street once found it a little overpowering and crowded also everyone wanted to either sell us something or &quot;Be our Guide&quot; (for a fee of course)The Restaurant in the Reception was quite casual and served all kinds of food. The buffet looked very nice indeed, we didnt sample it because it was our first visit to India and we were over cautious at first with regards to food. The Breakfast was very nice- self service. The food we were served in the Restauirant was hot and well cooked. The staff in the Restaurant and Reception were friendly and helpfull.	
Mar 19 2009 	Noisy!	I'm usually pretty forgiving when it comes to the service I receive at a hotel, but had to share this terrible experience from my recent stay at The Park.My husband and I needed to be up by 7 am the morning after we checked into the hotel, so we called it an early night and headed to our room at 11 pm. We could hear music/beats inside the room, so I called the front desk and inquired about the noise. They said it was coming from their club, and wouldn't reach above the 3rd floor. They asked us if we'd like to move to a room on a higher floor. We thought was nice, and agreed to change rooms. When we got to our room on the higher floor, we found we were facing the pool area, where a party was going on. Now, not only could we hear beats, but the actual words to the techno songs...clearly. No pillow over my head would make them go away. So I called the front desk again, and again, and again. In all, I probably called half a dozen times. The front desk would say the party would be ending soon, the party would end at 1, the party was just ending, the party would end at 2, etc. I was always polite when I spoke with them, letting them know I didn't think it was their fault, and asking them if they could &quot;please just turn it down&quot;, or &quot;did [they] maybe have ear plugs I could try?&quot;. All I got was that there was nothing else they could do, and that the party would end in some time. By the last couple calls, the front desk staff sounded annoyed at having to speak with me, and I was on the verge of loosing my &quot;nice.&quot; So, my husband called the front desk at 2:30 in the morning, and asked them again to please do SOMETHING about the noise. They said a manager was taking care of it. At 2:45 the music FINALLY stopped. My husband and I got less than four hours sleep.No one asked how our stay was when we checked out. I remember because I was ready to let them know how disappointed I was. I did leave a comment card, though.Even by Indian standards, the hotel was not very clean. There were MANY stains on furniture/rugs, and the rooms were dusty. It felt more like a hostel than a hotel.The door to the bathroom is about 2 feet from the bed. It's a frosted, glass, sliding door that leaves a 2 inch gap between it and the bathroom wall, so there is not complete privacy. The lighting was also a bit difficult to figure out. I've never written an online complaint about a hotel stay before, but felt compelled to do so after this experience. I would never stay at The Park again.	
Mar 15 2009	Never go on a Friday!	We spent 2 separate nights at this hotel at the start and finish of our 3 week tour in India. The first night wasn't too problematic although the hotels 'trendy' bathroom was totally impractical - a washbasin that was too high to use comfortably, hardly anywhere to put stuff and opaque glass walls and sliding door which ensured no privacy at all! The last night, however, was something else! I don't know if Friday is the only disco night but be warned even if you are on the 4rth floor, as we were, you will not sleep at all. Not only was the music at full blast but there were also people talking and smoking in the corridor outside our room for most of the night. At 3.30 a.m. I complained to the duty manager who was kindness itself and did tell the people to shut up! The disco ended at 4 a.m. so we got a couple of hours sleep then.	
Mar 8 2009	Barely okay rooms and lobby	We spent 4 nights here upon arrival in New Delhi as travel service had chosen hotel for us. We had no problems with check-in or check out, fast and accurrate but a representative of the travel company got us registered and we were upgraded to the club floor. The area rug in the room needed to be cleaned, the whole place felt slightly dirty. But bed and towels were clean. The club floor offered nothing different, internet access was chargeable and so was coffee. We ate breakfast here and it was fine for a buffet which catered to all different nationalities. But service was slow and got fast only after we paid the bill as the waiters were looking for a tip (even if they were not our waiter they raced over to collect it). The maid service was very uneven, vrying from outstanding to poor - no replacement of bath towels without asking, no additional coffee. The decor is an attempt to be contemporary and &quot;hip&quot; but ends up garish and tacky. Lots of small tour groups stay here (especially French). Outside of the hotel gates there are so many hawkers that the first time we had to return as they would not even allow us to walk (they blocked our path). The location of being central made no difference to us as we were picked up at the hotel and driven to the 'sights&quot;.	
Mar 8 2009	Comfortable but not wow	Obviously taking its inspiration from the W hotels right down to leaving apples and oranges in the room. It's not luxury but it's a good base to explore Delhi from. The rooms are comfortable and generally clean but not spectacular. If you're a sensitive sleeper, the noise from the nightclub may keep you awake.	
Feb 25 2009	Stylish but expensive if work is not paying.	The Park was an unusual choice by our tour group which doesn't really want or expect posh hotels like this but it was a good start and end to the trip. The hotel is clearly upmarket, well designed and stylish in the entrance hall and bedrooms. The staff are very friendly and service was always with a smile although felt a little slow on reception.I can't say whether its good value but the hotel is certainly popular with the local wealthy kids and they seem to have a nightclub on Saturday nights so be warned not to get a room too close to the ground floor as it disturbed a number of people in our group. Given that a coffee cost us £3.50 when we arrived everything was very expensive compared to the rest of India generally and Rs400 for an hour of internet connection shows this is more a business hotel. Water and food is better found outside the hotel unless you have deep pockets or work is picking up the bill.	
Feb 22 2009 	Noisy Hotel Expensive Restaurant	This hotel is in close proximity of Connaught Place where my husband had dung thrown on his shoes in an attempt to mug himThe hotel is clean, but there are stains on the carpet and a noisy disco. Although the restaurant has a good choice the prices are expensive	
Feb 10 2009 	dirty and overpriced; yes a friendly staff but not very professional	Two of us stayed here (two rooms, on business) in early February 2009 for six night. During the course of our stay, we also went to three other hotels in New Delhi for meetings. All three were better-- much,much better-than The Park, so much so that we asked for room rates while at each and found that these others (Imperial, Taj, and one other I'm forgetting--Claridges?) were in the same price range. I've never bothered writing a review before but this place cost so much, and the rooms were so filthy and rundown, that I had to warn others. I'm not sure if the other reviews here are from real people or from the hotel; they're just too positive. The staff was all pleasant and the area by the pool isn't unattractive,but the loud,obnoxious and constant music there made even a normal conversation almost impossible. I was certain the sockets in my room would explode, so I unplugged my laptop and other electrical devices everyday. The wait staff was in the hotel restaurant was friendly but there are so many working that they get in each other's way,sitting multiple parties at one table (without knowing they've done so). We will not return.	
Jan 28 2009 	Nice rooms but noisy	We stayed at the Park for 2 nights. We arrived late on the Friday night and a hotel car picked us up from Indri Gandhi airport - a good call as it's a bit much when you step off the plane!! The hotel itself is nice and central. Security in high force. Room decent size and modern - although not especially clean (particularly the bathroom). The rooms are not sound proofed and the road outside is very busy - lots of beeping (as with everywhere in India!) and shouting - perhaps this was as it was Friday and Saturday night. There was also a lot of pigeons and no nails or anything on the outside window sill to stop loads of them landing and cooing constantly. The bar area is obviously party central for rich Indians - and probably fun if you can join in. But, we had a 5am start so we ate in Fire (very tasty - lovely pepper chocolate truffles with the bill) and headed to bed. When we checked out at 5am (after disturbances in the hallway throughout the night - despite being on the 7th floor) - the bar was just kicking out. Whilst it was nothing compared to London bars - it was still off putting for an expensive hotel and there was a number of drunk men hanging around - even the receptionist seemed embarrassed. On the plus side - the travel centre sorted out some changes in our itinerary and booked some train travel for us - they were very helpful.	
Jan 9 2009 	Enjoyed the Park very comfortable	Our agent moved us here at the last minute so I did not have a chance to check it out on Trip Adviser ahead of time. I was very pleased. Security at the front door was in full force. The staff was ultra courteous, the room was small but spotless and the bed comfortable. Nice art on the walls and some sculpture, too. Fresh fruit was waiting for us. Service requests were fulfilled promptly. The restaurant had a wonderful breakfast buffet with many made-to-order items. There was variety from standard Indian fare to Chinese and western-style selections. This was our first trip to Delhi so I was a little anxious about the neighborhood but soon learned it was pretty normal for Delhi. We spotted several monkeys frolicking on the roof of a building behind the hotel that looked like a school. After walking around for a while and being bombarded with the Delhi stimuli, it was a relief to return to the peaceful hotel. The exercise room was well-equipped. It was too cold to use the pool but they were cleaning it anyway. Definitely would stay there again.	
Dec 3 2008 	Wonderful birthday weekend	From the moment we stopped our vehicle, we were escourted to the front desk and immediately received attention. Due to it being our birthday weekend, we were upgraded and treated like a king and queen. The rooms were tastefully decorated. The bath tub, which an entire family could fit in, was the highlight. We enjoyed that thoroughly. The room was warm and comfortable and the bathrooms were tidy and clean. The room service was excellent and food was divine. Our birthday morning, was so special. All the staff wished us. At breakfast we were well taken care off, the waiters, always on the go. Even though it was our birthdays, my husband and I noticed that this is the overall treatment of all guests, which was excellent to behold. Nowhere did we see, such enthusiasm in being so helpful. We admired that about the staff at the hotel. We certainly left with wonderful memories and an unforgetable birthday.	
Nov 14 2008 	Not worth the money!	Exterior is ugly but in good location. Interior is retro and rather nice, but in need of updating, due to wear and tear.We booked a 'luxury' room and paid a luxury price for it, however, the room was very small and although attractive, there was absolutely nothing luxury about it! The bathroom was also very small and the moldy grouting, dirty toiletries, lack of towels (and not at all fresh smelling) made me very resentful of the price I had paid.The worst part of our stay was the LOUD, THUMPING music that was playing until 6am on both of the nights we stayed at the hotel. Our travel agents omitted to inform us that the hotel has a very renowned bar/club that attracts all the young generation in Delhi. In fact it is so popular that the music does not end until 6am!!!!!! My husband called reception at 6.30am to ask what all the noise was about and he was told that they did not know what he referring to. As we were checking out at 4am the next day we saw for ourselves exactly what had caused the vibrations that had been coming through our pillows!! I was fuming!! As a small boutique hotel they are certainly not equipped to be hosting late night parties and then denying knowing any reason of where noise is coming from when grouchy guests call reception when they are woken up!The service generally was rubbish and we didn't even get a 'goodbye' from the receptionist when we were checking out. The only good thing about the hotel is the location, decent food and moderate decor. Other than that it is overpriced, rooms are too small, staff are rude and the loud music is really off putting when trying to get to sleep! I would NOT stay there again!	
Nov 6 2008 	Slick property great location	This hotel was under renovation then but parts of it were operational. Conran and partners have done a fabulous job in terms of revamping this property. As you enter you are greeted by blue and pink interiors which they all boutique.On the lobby level there is the MIST coffee shop which served wood fired pizzas. Also they have India restaurant called Fire which serves great food.Room we got was on 4th floor. Size of the room was small but it was comfortable. Decor was good but housekeeping was not upto the mark. If you are two people then the glass bathroom is not very nice.Overall, location is great and service above average. Not outstanding but decent enough experience.	
Nov 5 2008 	Bad services rude staff	This is another expensive hotel in Delhi....The hotel itself is nice, good, well decorated rooms. But the service and staff is terrible. Got a wake up call at 4am that was not required (later I discover it was by mistake!). Despite telling the operator that I didn't require that wake up call, I got a reminder wake up call at 4:30 (unbelievable). Complained again and, to complete the mess, got someone coming to my room at 5:30 to offer a T-Shirt (from an ongoing convention). My original plan was to wake-up at 7:30 and leave for a working day! While checking-out, did complain to the staff, who was incredibly rude, asking me to wait for the manager...The manager came and, with that face and eyes looking for nowhere said &quot;I'm sorry&quot; and that was it. Maybe that was a very unlucky day for me but I'll never take a chance in this hotel again.	
Oct 30 2008	Poor Management --- money stolen from room by staff	The most significant point in this review is that we feel we were robbed by the hotel staff --- literally robbed. When we went to breakfast the last morning we left things in our room, out of the safe (shame on us - we ALWAYS use the safe) because we were only going to be gone 45 minutes and we were re-charging our DVD and iPod. Luckily for us the person who cleaned our room only got into the purse and stole $170. When we left our room with the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign on the door (from the previous evening - no one had knocked all night or morning) and the T.V. on so staff (or anyone else) would not come in or knock. Unfortunately our room was very close to the elevator and the person who cleans our room was right there as we left (the only person on that floor who saw us). He asked us if we had laundry to pick up. When we said no he asked when we were checking out. We told him we were checking out that afternoon. Upon coming back from b-fast we noticed that money was missing. I notified the front desk about our missing money and asked if their system could track entries into our room. When we came back to the hotel early afternoon they notified us that the room was entered once and it was by the person who cleans our room. He said he was checking for laundry (?) because our clean room sign was on the door (it was not). He then changed his story (they said it was a language thing) and said he was in there to clean the room ---- but NOTHING had been done. If something had been done it would then have been obvious to us that HE had been in our room. The management assured us that they would investigate and take care of this. Not a single thing was done and never --- not once --- did they even call our room or leave a message as to what was transpiring. I believe this is not an isolated incident and it supports some of the other complaints in T.A. about management here.We were here on a tour with Gate One. Pros: Food was good., location not bad, rooms were clean and modern.Cons: Obviously our stolen money and management's poor/non-existent follow-up, the elevators are VERY slow (one being out of service), the pool was unusable due to construction,	
Sep 27 2008	Interesting and different	Apart from the excessive wait to have our luggage delivered to our room - Tip - wrestle the porter and take it yourself - I can recommend.Centrally located and a short walk from Central Cottage Industries ( a must).Gin and Tonic in the bar is good, but at a price that would make you faint...Rooms very modern and lovely bathroom, although the glass enclosure would be rather offputting if you were suffering from Delhi Belly and wanted a bit of privacy from your room mate.Breakfast is not to be missed with a Dosa and Omlette chef and smoked salmon.	
Sep 16 2008 	Good Location but poor Decor	We have just returned after staying at this hotel for 9 nights . We found the location to be excellent and staffs were helpful. Breakfast was also good.Beside the above there is nothing good to say about the hotel. Rooms are too small and there is no space for your suitcases. When we checked in, our rooms were not particularly clean and I don't think the sheets had been changed. The Towels had stains and the bath Robes looked dirty as well. We immediately complained and they changed our bed linen and towels. We also complained about the size of the room and if we can be moved to another rooms as we had 2 rooms with long stay. Our request was not honoured and we were advised that only rooms available are in their Residence category with high rates. It is a run down hotel with dirty carpets in the corridor. Food in the Restaurant is too expensive. One day we just had 3 portions of toasted sandwiches and 1 portion of French Fries which costed us around £35.00. Our room keys never worked and we had to swipe the card 10 - 15 times . We asked the the reception to reprogramme it and it still did not work. Housekeeping needs to improve as most days they forgot to replace towels.At the Mist restaurant it appeared that residence guest do not have priority as we were refused a table in the non smoking area as they were all booked . Staff at the front desk were aware of our dissatisfaction but nothing was done.In my view this is 4 star hotel and no where close to 5 star in terms of hotel décor, room size and cleanliness . In the past I have stayed at Grand Intercontinental which a true 5 star Hotel. I would not return back to this hotel in future and will not recommend to any friends	
Sep 1 2008 	OLD and RUN DOWN. NEED A FULL MAKEOVER IMMEDIATELY!	This hotel is very run down. Everthing is old and run down.The lights and stuff is also old and run down and don't always workThe key has to be swiped several times in order to work.Food is too expensive and in fact for the condition that hotel is in, the hotel price is far to expensive and should not be regarded as a five star hotel. Staff is helpful and friendly but slow.Rather stay at the Le Meridien for the same price and get a better new mordern hotel.	
Aug 31 2008 	Where are we	We stayed here on two accasions between tour on our India Holiday. I must say that from the outset l felt as if we were back in the 70's in Australia.It is indeed different, and somwehat corny. The hotel is fitted out as the 70's, which is OK but indeed different.The drinks and food were excellent, in fact at breakfast whilse we ate European the staff presented us with a dish of varied indian foods and explained it all to us. Greatly appreciated.On our second time to the hotel, we were treated like royalty. Tips do work. We were upgraded, andcould not have asked for better service.Location is good, just watch for the Monkeys.Next time l would prefer a more Indian Hotel, l think.	
Jul 28 2008 	Bad Management	The amenities in the hotel some how above the average of most of the other hotels in Delhi. However it shows that its getting old and need a complete makeover.But the reason why I wouldn't stay in that hotel again is the Staff,Staff is very very uneducated (including the managers). Give them any chance they will try to fool you and try to make the life somewhat easier for themselves.And the most horrible thing is they don't have any limits when they are asking for the bill. Doesn't matter if you are resting by the pool or exercising at the gym, somebody will come and question you about what you are doing there...	
Jul 18 2008 	Convenient	We stayed at the Hotel in April - my husband was on business and I was on holiday. The Hotel is tired and needs a refit, we were both a bit disappointed when we arrived as it is classed as a five star Hotel and clearly it isn't.. Our room wasn't particularly clean and I don't think the sheets had been changed. The view from our room was just an awful derelict site. Our room keys never worked and I had to go back down to reception several times a day to get them reprogrammed. The food was good in the restaurant and the bar service attentive, but expensive!! The pool area was okay, but there was a real problem with flies, which made it unpleasant to sit out and the pool bar had a problem with cooling so all the drinks were warm. I had a spa treatment, which was excellent. The staff were very friendly, but desperate for tips, so make sure to take a good supply of lower denomination notes.	
May 2 2008	Liked The Park	This is a nice hotel. It is in a very good location for walking into Connaught Circus, walking to the Bangla Sahib Temple and is directly opposite the Janta Mantar observatory. The food was good and the rooms clean and quite civilised.	
May 1 2008 	Bad value for money	I stayed at the Park for business purposes. It is a modern hotel (futuristic meets retro) with beautiful rooms -- lots of glass and marble and nice amenities. However the fundamentals of this hotel are extremely week. There is a 24 hour dance bar on the main floor however no matter what floor you are on you hear the pounding beat -- I was on the 4th floor, a colleague was on the 7th floor, and we both heard it. It woke me up around 3 am and you can also hear people from outside. If you want to sleep this is not a good bet. Another poor feature is the lack of expertise of the hotel staff. The front desk is staffed by very young, beautiful locals but they are horribly inexperienced, verging on inept. For example, I was having problems with my room key and went down to complain I could not get into my room. The front desk staff gave me another electronic key, I went back up to find the same problem. I went down again and they asked me if I had the right room. I had to argue with them -- it was quite ridiculous especially at 10pm when you just want to get to your room and get ready for bed.The restaurant is quite nice and it is near some shopping areas so the location is good, but overall I felt this was very poor value for money (I think the room was around 350 USD per night). I would not recommend it.	
Apr 21 2008 	Dirty poor service but pretty central	This hotel is according to many locals The posh and most Fashionable hotel of New Delhi so we decided to give it a try. We booked via their website and asked for a non smoking room, we got given a smoking room. We managed after an hour of negotiation to get the room we asked for in the first place (the receptionist said she was doing us a favor!).The room was tiny but manageable for a couple. The biggest turn off was how dusty and generally disgusting the room was. Not to mention the sheets that had blood stains on them! The frosted glass separating the bathroom from the main bedroom was covered with unidentified traces…. The hotel is in general bad condition .The restaurant’s white walls are covered with food stains.. .Needless to say we only stayed one night and quickly checked out. I would have believed in Murphy’s Law if we have not met at breakfast another couple that was as disappointed as we were.To add on to our list of negative experience, our bill was not correct and we had to argue it out with the receptionist…and we were not the only ones doing so… it seemed that most of the clients checking out as we did, had something to complain about to the manager…My husband and I have been many times in India and we have gotten a pretty good idea of what to expect for which price range but this is by far the biggest disappointment. For the same price you might as well stay at the Claridge even if it is a bit out of town it is worth the 10min longer cab ride to the city center.	
Apr 10 2008 	A 3-star trying to pass for a 5-star	I should have known better to stay at the international hotels but my travel agent told me that this is one of India's finest. It is not. The hotel lobby has a stench that is not pleasing and there were quite a few (about 10) Indian men just sitting in the couches in the lobby which gave me the creeps. I did not try the food, instead I dined at the Shangri La which was superb, but I can say that the spa at The Park is great. The price was pretty good but the therapists were superb.The room was okay, it was modern, very boutiquey style, a little small. Besides the room and the spa/gym, I would not have stayed here esp. since their prices are comparable to either the Le Meridian, Shangrila or Hotel Nikko.	
Mar 26 2008 	A relaxing end to a hectic fortnight...	We stayed here for our last night in India, having travelled on the overnight train from Kathgodam. We arrived at the hotel at 6.30 a.m., and within fifteen minutes they had a room ready for us at no extra charge.The staff were friendly, and the rooms were clean.Yes, it wasn't cheap, but it was a relaxing last day in India. We found the taxis a few yards away from the hotel better value than the ones that were at the door, and we used these for our final journey to the airport.	
Mar 23 2008 	Tacky and sub-standard - Not good enough to be a 5*	IT WAS TERRIBLE! I was at the hotel in April '07 for one night. Me and my mom we're actually staying at the Imperial for 6 nights, however on the 3rd day Im[perial was overbooked and so they transfered us to the Park for one night.At the proch of the hotel you have staff dressed in shabby uniforms (v-neck velvet type tops and trousers), once inside the unorganised front desk took ages to have a room for us and made us wait around even though we had a reservation. The lobby is small - is decorated to give a modern and contemparary feel but fails and ends up looking cheap!To the rooms - its COMPACT - i'd call it a capsule room. The bathroom was tiny reminded me of the little toilets you have in an airplane. The bathroom was actually a part of the room - frosted glass walls was only what separeted the two and there was no lock on the bathroom sliding door. IMPO - At one point someone was knocking on our door - we were a few seconds late in answering and this staff member thought he could just use his card to get access to our room. We complained about this - wanted to know who this staff member was and why was trying to get into our room - nothing helpful could be said by the manager. Being two women in the room, I found this very disturbing knowing that anyone could just try barging through the room. We did not feel safe at night.Few PROS: DVD player in the room, with free DVDs to watch available from the library in the hotel. Breakfast was good, even though we were hassled by a staff member on where to sit in the breakfast hall. In the end I was relieved to be out of their and back into the Imperial which felt like a different world!!And the fact that the Park cost Rs 12,000 and is rubbish compared to Rs 13,000 at the imperial its really worth spending that little bit extra.	
Mar 22 2008	Park Hotel in Delhi close to the airport	We had an extra night in Delhi and were given the Park. It is a very nice, clean hotel. However, it did not have that much character and was overall a little cold atmosphere. The bathroom is huge, nice to have the TV in there. Too pricey for what you get, however,	
Mar 20 2008 	Nice Hotel Expensive	I liked this Hotel. The hotel is themed is earth, wind, fire, water and sky. This is done in a sophisticated way and makes a change from standard hotel chains. All the staff I met were very helpful and were eager to make sure my stay was good.My room was lvery clean, arge and spacious with a huge bath and a big LCD TV, DVD player, internet connection and IPOD dock. The best feature of my room had to be the wheat grass growing in trough across the width of my room.The food was also very good and I really like the bar.The only downside of this hotel is the price! Watch out for the luxury tax on top of the rate. I paid 16,000 INR a night with taxes on top.	
Mar 9 2008 	Really comfortable stay	I feel many of the reviews here are unfairly harsh on this hotel. Whether that's down to inflated expectations of Delhi I don't know but we found this hotel to be clean, very comfortable and offered good service. OK, so it's not St. Martin's Lane hotel in London but you can't expect that because they don't charge the same kind of prices. All in all about the only mid-range place that we could manage to get availability in and I'm happy that we landed upon it.It's conveniently located for Connaught Place with a cab and auto rickshaw rank right outside the entrance, which is superb for visiting Old Delhi, the rest of the city and of course onward travel.Great points to note - we got upgraded to the top floor rooms, which have a private bar and dining area, with excellent happy hour from 6.30-8.30 at time of writing. The pool area was great and the fitness room and spa well equipped with the latest machines. Breakfast also included in that top floor area, which was a real bonus.Points to watch out for - we always check the bill like a pair of hawks wherever we go and noticed they had squeezed a couple of minibar items that we didn't have. Despite upgrading us, they had added more to the normal 'luxury tax' that you have to pay. Our point was that in effect we hadn't chosen to be upgraded so thought it was unfair that they should make us pay for that bit of the tax. They removed everything we questioned with little fuss. Secondly, on our experience and that of other guests we spoke to, there is minimal chance that you will get to check in before noon if you arrive on an early morning flight so either book yourself a rest room at the airport and arrive later or be happy to leave your cases with the porter and do some exploring until your room is ready. The hotel was happy to check us in and charge us a reduced rate for the previous evening but considering that we had only six hours to wait, we passed on the offer.Finally, although they looked good, we passed on the restaurants in the hotel and ate dinner at the Banana Leaf - basic but excellent veg South Indian restaurant in Connaught Place and stuffed our faces for under 500 rupees!	
Mar 1 2008 	A Crazy Place with Some Hope	The hotel is not worth the money. The staff was very good and very helpful and my room on the 10th floor was pretty awesome. Marble floors (no mats) in the bathroom with a large marble bathtub and flat screen TV. Pretty nice. But that was contrasted by dirty carpet in the hallways, a dingy front entry and dirty elevators. To use the pool you have to walk through the main restaurant... which is awkward when you are wearing swim shorts and no shoes.The spa and work out room are very good. So the rooms on the 10th floor and the spa are great but the value and cleanliness of the hotel are pretty lacking. Only stay here if there is nothing else available... which is what I did.	
Feb 28 2008	Overpriced but likeable	Hotels in this category are, I'm told, geared toward the business traveler; hence the price tag. The price to value ratio has little meaning for the nonbusiness traveler. All hotels in this category are severely overpriced, and you'll have to look long and hard for a less expensive place that does not have some kind of unhappy or scary story attached. We stayed with a small tour group, so I don't know what we paid, but I'm sure it was a significant price break.That said, we liked the Park. We stayed three nights. At check in we asked for an upper floor room, got one on the 6th, and it was just fine. Yes, its a bit shabby and worn around the edges. The hallway floor creaked and bounced, and carpets were, well, amusing. The staff was friendly, eager, and helpful. I had no problems at the front desk as mentioned in other postings. It's supposed to be a &quot;designer&quot; hotel, and I guess it is. Pink, burgundy, and baby blue, hanging beads, cloud photo mural in the elevators. It's no &quot;W&quot;, but so what; a sense of humor is helpful.The location is ok, within walking distance to Connaught Circle, reputed to be a major commercial district. Well, I guess so, and it is the major/luxury hotel district, but keep in mind you're in New Delhi, not London or Paris, New York or LA. It's very noisy and crowded. Like everything in Dehli, it's shabby and worn-out. Anyway Delhi is very spread out, lots of different neighborhoods, so convenient placement has less meaning.The restaurant was pretty good. We had a few light meals, and they were tasty. We did not try the more expensive, fancier restaurant to the right of the front desk. Service was a bit slow, but not unusually so for India. The breakfast buffet was pretty darn good. Very extensive. Even more than passable dim-sum (with commercial sauces). Some of the western entries (cold cuts and cheese) were pretty strange. And what's with the baked beans anyway (all over India at breakfast). Eggs are very good and tasty. Try the little white rice flour cakes that you sprinkle with ghee and spice mix...yumbo. Bacon is fatty but good, and chicken breakfast sausage is a place you may not want to go (I did and lived).All in all, I'd stay there again if I could afford it. But, next time I'll search out smaller hotels and b and b's, an up-and-coming category.	
Feb 28 2008 	Acceptable quality very expensive	The Park was the official hotel for a conference I attended. For some reason I expected to get great value for money in India, and indeed outside the hotels you do. But the Park is very over priced and I would not pay their rack rate if returning to Delhi.A friendly and polite driver met me from my flight and weaved through the amazing traffic system to the Park (took about 45 minutes)Check in was polite but very slowRoom was OK but not special given the price. The rooms pictured on the Internet seem better than the one I was allocated.The electronic door lock was annoyingly temperamental.Generally staff were very helpful.The food was the best feature of this hotel.The bar was pricey by local standards.At checkout an Indian guy pushed in front of me but despite my protests the receptionist served him first.Although I was happy to tip during my visit, the staff at the Park were certainly active in demanding their gratuities, given the high cost of staying there I found that unacceptable.	
Feb 23 2008 	Not what you would expect	The Park hotel is situated pretty far from city center, at least if that’s what you call it in New Delhi. Part of the rooms has a nice garden view, visitors of the other part can enjoy nothing but construction works all over around. I’ve been to Delhi on a business trip with some important colleagues and had to choose a good place to stay in. Considering my experience I can say that The Park is definitely not a 5 stars hotel. On one hand it is supposed to be stylish, has all sort of bathroom compliments usual for the level requested, bathrobe and slippers (which I myself was afraid to put on), pretty big room and night service. On the other hand, what you’ll have in reality is dirty towels, shabby furniture, muddy carpet and very old bathtub. Since I had one evening left from business diners, I tried the local restaurant, which turned out to be a buffet. It was eatable, but not tasty. While leaving, one of my colleagues paid for the minibar. For the first time in my life I became a witness of staff checking your minibar in case you lied while leaving. The reception guy told me that one member of our group didn’t pay for cola or something, I paid it myself. Later on it turned out to be that everything had already been paid, my colleague even showed me the bill with that cola mentioned. Be careful while checking out!All and all, this was a 3+ hotel. As I understood, it’s a common situation in New Delhi. There exist luxurious hotels, like Tadj Mahal hotel, for example. But the average price would be at about 600-700 dollars per night. You can use the Park hotel for the short business stay in Delhi, although you would definitely be disappointed considering 500 dollar per night you’d paid.	
Feb 3 2008 	Marginal Not worth the Money	This hotel was obviously very hip and clubby. Lots of youngparty people in the restaurant and in the club. It seemed tobe a popular spot for European tourists as well. The room wasclean and the accomodations were ok. I expected more for the ridiculous prices they charge. Due to a family illness wecould only stay one night although we had booked for 2. Whenwe arrived there was a man having a problem with settling something and he was talking to the manager. I thought he washaving a problem but later realized of the 4 times I was in the lobby, each time a guest had a problem with the hotel staff. I found the service in the restaurant ok by Indian standards, the food was good. Breakfast was the best part of the stay. Themost gracious employees were the bell hops. We had difficulty settling our bill early while checking out. It took a very long time(about 1 hour) to finally decide we were not going to get anywhere with this hotel staff (manager finally) and so we gave up. If you have to, this hotel is in a good location. Just expect to pay way too much, not get any value for your money and possibly have trouble getting a refund if you plans have to change.	
Jan 25 2008	Think before you stay here	We stayed here for 3 nights.The customer service was appalling until we complained bitterly to the duty manager.We arrived at 10pm the first night, had to wait until 12.30am to access our room and the sheets were dirty and also the carpet.We ended up staying on the 2nd floor. Dont do it. It is right above the nightclub. You will not sleep at all until after 3am. We complained 3 times from midnight and they kept saying oh it wont last long and it does not happen often. At 2pm they offered us another room, we had to be up for a tour in 4 hours!We were moved up floors 2 days later and we thought we might as well join them in the nightclub and guess what!? We left at 3am, make sure you stay very high in this hotel.The breakfast and Fire restaurant were the good elements of this hotel.	
Jan 11 2008	Wierd and not designer	Its not the same to design your hotel in an inane way and put objects which have no relevance to hospitality in your environment and claim to be a &quot;designer&quot; hotel...hello its not funky just wierd!!!	
Jan 4 2008 	Great location but a bit shabby around the edges	We loved the location of this hotel - really enjoyed exploring crowded Connaught Place (make a trip to Fab India), had a fun dinner at DV8 watching cricket with the locals - and it's close to most sites, but it's a bit shabby. The public spaces were a little dirty and the room had a hint of grubbiness to it. The linens have seen better days. I do want to mention that the housekeeping staff was very friendly and always asked if we needed anything when we greeted them in the halls. The rates at this hotel were similar to others in its category, so if you are considering a larger hotel like The Park I would recommend you choose another in this area.	
Dec 24 2007	Rooms Vary	I stayed at the Park two nights as part of a tour. The rooms vary; my room on the fifth floor was quite nice but those in our group with rooms on the third floor went sleepless because of the noise and reverberation from the disco. The included buffet breakfasts were acceptable. If you dare to leave the hotel you will be surrounded by taxi drivers, rickshaw drivers, kids, vendors, etc. This is the worst city I have ever visited. (I didn't go to Kolkata). Delhi is a 24 hour traffic jam	
Dec 24 2007	The Park is a disappointment	I stayed there for four nights and was almost continuously disappointed by this hotel. Service turned out to be highly inconsistent. Housekeeping was poor: no complimentary bottled water was provided after my arrival, and I had to chase down the staff every day to get the complimentary bottles promised by the hotel. One day, three of the four towels in the room disappeared and were not replaced until I went after the staff. Toilet paper wasn’t replaced either. The mini-bar was never re-stocked throughout my stay. The air-conditioning unit was unable to produce anything other than cold air, regardless of which settings were selected, a nuisance during chilly winter nights. It was also impossible to raise the blinds to let in some sunlight. The bath-room did look snazzy but had its own problems: there was no discernible means of ventilation, and the flimsiness of the shower curtain made it impossible to use the shower without flooding the entire room. The public areas were fairly cramped, especially the lobby. The breakfast buffet was adequate but unexciting; one morning the staff would not turn on the lights in a large part of the breakfast area for more than half an hour, leaving guests to eat in the dark. Admittedly, the unreliability of the staff had its benefits: on one occasion the waiter refused to let me sign for a coffee and piece of cake which as a result did not show up on my final bill. Even so, I would have gladly traded this freebie for greater consistency of service overall. The attached restaurant “Fire” is quite pleasant and the food is good, but the incessant self-glorification of the staff and their obsession with questionnaires are enough to spoil anyone’s dining experience. The airport pick-up was a major rip-off: the hotel charges the equivalent of USD 40 for a pick-up from Gandhi International, a multiple of what even the most ruthless taxi driver would dare to ask for. (It deserves notice that a genuinely classy classy place like The Imperial a block away offers free transfers from and to the airport.) All in all, I got the impression that The Park is keen to create a superficial impression of classiness that is not backed up by an effort to provide consistent service and marred by brazen rip-offs. It is hard to think of a reason to choose this place over others. If you are willing to spend several hundred dollars a night, it makes much more sense to pay a little extra and stay at a genuinely five-star hotel such as the the Oberoi or the Imperial. Otherwise, save some money by choosing a decent place without the feeble five-star pretensions of The Park. I would not stay there again.	
Dec 17 2007 	One of the best hotel experiences I ever had	I stayed in a deluxe room for 3 nights. The hotel staff has been the friendliest I have ever seen in any hotel I stayed. The Breakfast buffet, lunch and dinner buffet are absolutely amazing. It is a very chique hotel with good looking, young employees, a stunning bar that is packed with young people during the weekend and a very nice pool (not too big though)I can only recommend this place and if you wanna go party in Delhi this is a perfect place to stay	
Nov 29 2007 	Dissapointing	The hotel was booked some time before our arrival at 2.30 after a long flight from London. The staff appeared to be more concerned with paperwork rather than helping us to our room.The hotel though was clean and had all the amenities you would expect from a designer hotel. You also got the feeling that Delhi's fashionistas visited this place for drinks and so on.Sadly, on our second night we discovered that the hotel has a night club on the ground floor, which would be fine had we not been jet-lagged. After long and heated discussions with reception we were moved from the second to the eighth floor, only to be woken up by an &quot;after party&quot; next door.It transpired that the hotel had no staff to deal with this and did not care enough to send people to sort out the matter.We left feeling quite disappointed and know that if we were to visit Delhi again we would not stay at The Park.	
Nov 13 2007 	Good location but definitely overpriced	I stayed in The Park in Dehli for 4 nights in October 2007 on a holiday tour through India. The hotel is located near Connaught Place, which is great. However, the hotel is seriously overpriced and the service is just average for Indian standards. (i.e we booked a pick up from the airport and I received two confirmation e-mails. Of course there was no driver expecting us and neither was an apology offered at the hotel. The rooms are rather small and the bathrooms are meant to be &quot;designed&quot; unfortunately - the designer forgot a bit about functionality ......so they are rather wet rooms made of glass!. Food is also rather mainstream and the breakfast is terrible with very limited variety, unless you fancy a curry in the morning.Because the hotel is very central in Dehli, it is quite noisy too and the hotel certainly contributes with some loud music around the pool at night, too.	
Nov 4 2007 	Much better than expected	I had read some negative reviews of this hotel but my wife and I - and our two friends - were most impressed - and particularly by the excellent attitude of ALL the staff we met. Smiles and helpful suggestions were standard. We arrived at 1 a.m. but were checked into high quality rooms quickly and efficiently. The breakast room is very large and bright and one can also eat outside in the large garden. The range of breakfast foods is good and eggs/omelettes are cooked to order. The pool is great and the bar round the pool stays open till well into the evening. Drink prices are quite high - but this is the case in all the hotels in Delhi. The only negative in The Park is the noise from the disco if your room is near it. (The hotel is rated &quot;the most happening place in town&quot; we were told). Our room was immediately above the disco and I (but not my wife) found ear-plugs necessary on one of the four nights we stayed. I made a casual comment about the noise to one of the staff the next day and we were surprised that we were immediately offered a room change - but it wasn't worth the bother of re-packing!	
Oct 20 2007 	Carry Your Own Bags	If you are looking for the following from a hotel then the Park in Delhi is for you:1) Noise all night, including weekdays2) Lifts not working3) RECEPTION who say they have called porters to pick up your bags, BUT DO NOT COME, so advise is build up your muscles before booking 4) RECEPTION constantly baggering yopu to enquire when you will leave, when the know you are there for one sleepless night anyway5) Poor breakfastSo if this what you desire in a hotel then the Park in Delhi is the one for you.	
Oct 10 2007	Badly Managed "Design Hotel"	My business partner &amp; I were in Delhi on a 3 day business trip and wanted somewhere that was central &amp; offered us all the details and luxury of a &quot;Design Hotel&quot;. Doing business in Delhi is tough ,with long days that can sometimes be rewarding but other days which just seem so frustrating that you want to jump on the next plane out of there.As with most Hotels in India it seems that the housekeeping is done by men. As a woman traveler we have noticed that there always seems to be an invasion of privacy at some point of your stay and at The Park there was a real feeling of staff over staying their welcome in your room, very pushy for tip's and filling in comment cards. Security staff would take your bags to your room instead of the porters and then promptly ask for a tip.Room service trays were not taken away and stayed outside our room for 2 days. Carpets in the rooms &amp; corridors where very dirty. Elevators had a mind of there own and you would spend 15 mins trying to get back to your room!There seemed to be a real lack of visable management &amp; when a rather large problem did occur it was handled very badly which left such a bad feeling that I would never want to return. Receptionist had a very unwelcoming approach and were not very efficient with follow up on details which again I think comes back to Management.The food was however very good. We had the buffet breakfast and room service which we found some of the best food in Delhi. Believe you me we have now tried a lot of the Hotels in Delhi and are still searching for the right one that we can feel comfortable to return to on our business trips to India.	
Sep 19 2007 	Not that great	My husband and I stayed in this hotel after staying in the overpriced Qutab Residency. This hotel was $300US a night which is also over priced. All hotels in Delhi seem to be overpriced.The outside doesn't look like much, but the lobby is quite intersting with a velvet ladies washroom, beaded curtains, etc. The front desk staff are quite nice and speak good english. However, it does take awhile to check in for some reason.The pool is very nice.The rooms look just like they do on the website, complete with a plasma tv and frosted glass walled washrooms. The shower is really nice with a lot of pressure. The bed is extreemly comfortable and the room is clean and modern.The breakfast is really really good and I believe is included in the price. We had supper here and it was terrible. The restaurant was called &quot;aqua&quot; I believe.Everywhere in India is expensive to stay. One really bad thing is our last night in this hotel we heard the thumping from the night club all night long that is on one of the first few floors. I actually had to wear ear plugs to sleep. We had to leave the hotel at 4am for our flight and the music was still blasting at that time. We liked the hotel, but didn't like the price, but all hotels in Delhi are expensive and you don't get value for the dollar. However, at least it is clean. Just try to get as far from the nightclub as possible. It is also pretty discouraging to look out your window and see the poverty from your glamorous suite below.	
Sep 16 2007 	Way overpriced	Hotel is waaaaaay overpriced for what you get. The Park Hotel was a minor step-up from a hostel. I will say that I think this is the case with many of the supposedly 'nice' hotels in Delhi. There are just very few (if any) mid-range hotels. I paid approx 250 USD, for a room that in the US would have cost less than 100 USD. For what I had come to expect in Asia, this place should have cost less than 50 USD.Decorations are simple and pretty, and the hotel looks clean and fresh, but the room is tiny, and the water quality is bad! Water did not seem clean, and after showering, I always had a satly residue film on my entire body. Towels were dingy, and floor was not sparkling clean.Again, this was not a bad place, but for what I paid, I wish I had just gone to the Taj. The hotel seems to be in a safe area. I am a female, and I was traveling alone. There are a lot ot men that loiter around the hotel, just not on the property per se. There was a bank/ATM next to the hotel, I was able to go there with minor harassment. I was also able to walk over to the mini-shopping center, again with some harassment, but not too much. Breakfast buffet was nice and flat screen tv had a nice picture, but too few channels. Hotel charges ridiculous fees to use their internet. At these prices, at least 1 free hour should be available to all hotel guests.	
Sep 2 2007 	Beware - hotel tax SCAM	At checkout - all guests find out that there has been a 12.5% luxury tax applied to their bill which is standard in India. The SCAM is that The Park applies the 12.5% tax to the RACK RATE not the room rate that we were charged. Our nightly rate was $168, but the luxury tax applied was based on a $300 room rate. For two nights, this was more than $75. This tax situation is never mentioned when you book your room or when you check in, you find out when you check out. We also stayed at The Imperial Hotel in Delhi - and they are doing the same SCAM to their customers, but in their case we were charged 12.5% of a $450 rack rate (over $100 for two nites), when our room rate was $189. This proves that the RACK RATES are randomly assigned and have no basis in reality. The hotel staffs say that everyone who checks out has the same bad reaction. Who wouldn't? This is unacceptable from any hotel, especially on this level.We will be reporting this unacceptable situatiuon to New York Times, Conde Nast Traveler and Travel &amp; Leisure magazines.	
Aug 25 2007	Funky	We began and ended our trip in India at The Park. So, we stayed in two separate rooms. Both rooms had a funky, 60's feel to them. There was fresh fruit provided in the rooms - we ate the oranges --- dry and inedible. But, since it was an unexpected bonus, I wasn't really disappointed. The bathroom &quot;walls&quot; were frosted glass. So, modest people might be somewhat uncomfortable &quot;doing their business.&quot; Also, the light from the bathroom can be seen through the walls disturbing other sleepers.The lobby is small and was frequently crowded with tour groups.The breakfast buffet was included with our room - it was large and designed to appealed to international tastes.The lobby bathrooms, as with many in India, have attendants that expect baksheesh.Dinner was very good. But, smoking in restaurants is still the norm in India - and non-smoking areas were not available. With closely spaced tables, smoking was disruptive to our evening meal.Drinks were also unchanged since the '60's. Manhattans and Rob Roys are available. Requests for more recent concoctions such as Cosmopolitans or Mojitos are greeted with blank faces. But the staff also expressed a desire to try new things and was more than willing to make something that they never had before.	
Aug 22 2007 	Loved the restaurant pool and staff!	Park Hotel had a cool swimming pool area, which is lively on Sunday's. The rooms are contemporary, small but filled with all mod cons. The two restaurants are excellent - we went to Fire three times and were treated like royalty by the staff - the chef even came out with a complementary specially made desert for us on our last night. Staff go out of their way to help you have a great holiday.	
Aug 18 2007 	Modern 	The Park is a very modern and trendy hotel. It does have a far eastern feel to it. the rooms are small, but comfortable. The staff attentive and very helpful. The only negative is the bathrooms which are v v small ,with a sliding door = with zero privacy. No bath tub pl note.The breakfast buffet was very good and its a good place to stay for a single corporate traveller.Definitely not for families .	
Aug 15 2007	Looks great in a magazine I'm sure! Average to stay at.	The Park Hotel in Delhi must look great in some magazine. It must have won some design awards for its hip and trendy interior.Which is reason enough for normal people to STAY THE HECK AWAY FROM THIS MESS. Now, obviously as a luxury hotel, this is better than staying in a van by the river. and, truth be told, the rooms are quite good (we had a luxury suite or whatever). And, it's not exactly the hotel's fault if nouveau riche indian cybertreneurs insist on advertising their coolness by making a habit of standing in the hallway and talking loudly on their mobile phones.however, some things are the hotel's fault. For one, the lobby is an unmitigated disaster. it's loud as hell. it's chaotic. when i asked to schedule a trip with the concierge, i was taken into a smoky and junky back-office. the front desk staff is overworked and lacks a good communication system - they needed many things repeated (our check-out date) several times. people are standing around with luggage everywhere - it's cramped. it's just a bloody mess. fair enough - the 'new' park was built inside the concrete carcarss of an older hotel. but, it should have been done with people, not design awards, in mind.the restaurants are overpriced. I was charged US $150 for a bottle of wine that would cost MAYBE $15 at a wine shop - though the service was indifferent at best. the food at the outdoor restaurant was hardly worth the price - $15 cold pizza. Other food (room service) was better. The pool is made for looking good in some magazine - not for actually swimming. Considering that our bill with food was over $2000 for 3 days, I'd say you can do much, much better. A good hotel at this price would have us enjoying all of its amenities comfortably. Instead, we found ourselves hiding in our room from the rest of the hotel.Next time i'm in Delhi, I will try a different hotel.	
Jun 3 2007	Tricked by false website images...	The website shows a really cool modern hotel with neat restaurant and bar. The truth - It's a run down old hotel with a modern lobby. We ate in a converted banquet room that felt like &quot;The Shining&quot;. Our room was darker and dirtier than a 1906's Howard Johnson. After complaining relentlessly about the false advertising, the manager let us stay in the 1 and only room that was &quot;designed&quot; as the prototype and used on the website. Granted, that room was cool, but the whole experience was a joke.	
Apr 9 2007	Very Modern and Chic!	Stayed here for 2 nights split across a tour of northern India.Overall the Park is very clean, the interior and theme throughout is modern chic. The rooms are on the small side but still very nice and well equipped, all that you would expect. This is not a 5 star hotel as claimed, but would definately give it a 4 star status.The staff were friendly and helpful, and I was upgraded to a superior room on my second visit.The hotel is also in a good location and very central, Connaught place is a few minutes walk away. The only minus is that the bar is very expensive!Overall a pleasant experience.	
Apr 8 2007 	Chic but small	We just returned from two weeks travelling around India and were unsure where we would be staying our last night in Delhi...we were pleasently surprised to be at The Park...just steps away from the shopping of Connaught Place and the Government Emporiums...after an eight hour car journey down from the mountains we walked into a hip and bustling modern design lobby and were greated by young friendly desk staff...the room was also very modern and fun, even though we had one of the smaller rooms it was great...the only complaint, as other people have mentioned, was that the bathroom did not offer much privacy (and since we both had a touch of Delhi belly ....) Having spent the prior three nights in an old world Raj type hotel moving to the Park just highlighted the complex and beautiful spectrum that is India...with its maginifcent history and its current place as an emerging modern powerhouse...India seems to be all about extremes....since elections were going on and the shops were closed during the day and we had done our sightseeing on a previous stay in Delhi we had a chance to relax at the great pool with the giant disco ball and enjoy the outdoor space...definitely would stay here again!	
Mar 31 2007 	Quirky and fun but...	Stayed at Park for 4 nights at the beginning of March 07. On enteringthe hotel you are confronted by a bustling lobby that would look moreat home in an art gallery. Very modern, very chic. And this modernisttheme continues throughout all of the facilities on the ground floor.From the Fire restaurant (which I didn't eat at but is said to be very good) to the pool bar with its huge disco ball illuminating the goings on!The rooms are very pleasant and well equipped. Dark wooden floors, LCD TV, DVD player (library of discs apparently available on request). Strangely the bathroom wasn't up to the standard of the rest of the room and whilst OK, did look a bit out of place. The hotel location is great for exploring central Delhi but does suffer from being a bit noisy, as you would expect.I found the staff to be exceptionally friendly and couldn't do enoughto make my business trip as pleasant as possible. Overall a very enjoyable stay.	
Mar 28 2007 	Experience in Delhi Park - Awesome!!!!	Soma, Would like to thank your team for their exceptional support that we received at DelhiPark!!!We had a terrible / horrifying experience at DelhiAirportpost we missed our flight to Bangaloredue to late arrival of flight from Jaipur. Will explain the details when we meet next time. We were stranded at DelhiAirportat about 8:30pm without any flights being available or any hotel booking. I tried reaching you but your cell was not reachable. The only thing that came to my mind was HotelPark, although I dint have the Delhicoordinates. I called Park Kolkata and spoke to Rajeev (The Lobby Manager â€“ on duty) and explained the situation we were in. He immediately contacted your Delhi Office and in 10 mins I got a call from Ritesh (Lobby Manager â€“ on duty). He immediately heard me out and confirmed a room for two of us and also helped us with the transportation bit.Post the kind of terrifying experience we two went thru and the way The Park Team helped us out was very reassuring!! I thought I should keep you informed about such a customer focused team, they just made our day after all that we went thru. Rajeev and Ritesh: Thanks a ton for your support. You just made it for us!!!	
Mar 14 2007	Good Experience	Finding a hotel room for 25 people in Delhi is a challenge. We were very pleased with the Park, both in terms of the room, restaurant, location, and service. When a complication arose in our schedule, the hotel management went out of its way to accommodate our group. They even hosted a reception for the group to thank us for our patience in working through the scheduling issues.	
Mar 14 2007 	Good base for a few days	Plus: good location, smart staff, more realistic price than the 5*s if booked via the usual web agencies,Trendy interiors (flat screen TV, LED bulbs). Nice pool area deck.Cons: Glass walled bathrooms not completely private. Rooms not particularly spacious.	
Feb 25 2007 	Overpriced but comfortable and conveniently located	This is a very comfortable hotel, but like all Delhi hotels, seriously overpriced. This hotel would cost half the price in most other parts of the world. That said, the staff were very helpful and responded to all requests for service promptly. The location is good, with a park across the road allowing a peaceful walk and only 100 metres to Connaught Place.	
Feb 5 2007	Deserves a positive mention	There is an obvious difficulty rating a property such as this when for the previous four weeks accomodation in Rajahstan has been generally of a much lesser standard. Having said that, it was overall a positive experience.The negatives - expensive food and beverage (but what's new?); generally overcrowded lobby; bathroom not adequately soundproofed from the bedroom (generally a problem with sliding doors); aggressive taxi drivers just off the forecourt (but likely beyond the control of the hotel).The positives - lots of staff who were uniformally efficient and courteous; good location; great beds; spotlessly clean; dinner by the pool; a spacious residents' lounge.We would go again.	
Jan 31 2007 	Okay but Overpriced	We spent 3 nights here in two separate segments, and it is a pleasant, 4 star place, even though it prices itself as something much better. The odd-numbered rooms (on the side facing the street)were much better designed than the others because the bathroom door does not open drectly onto the WC. Breakfast was okay if you were willing to wait ages to get a cup of tea or coffee: self-help was discouraged but was often the only option available if you had less than an hour free!	
Jan 3 2007	It grows on you	We stayed at the Park on the first and last nights of a group tour.First impressions of the hotel were not good with a brash foyer absolutely packed with tourists arriving and leaving-chaotic.However the room was super modern and spotless with space-age facilities.The english buffet breakfast on the last day was superb and very welcome after 14 days of curry.Would recommend highly but re-organise the reception.	
Dec 20 2006 	They charge a lot for what you get	You cannot criticize the hotel for the rooms. Although they are a tad on the small size the overall impression is very good. The hotel location is really good, within easy walking distance of the Tourist Offices and all the fancy shops in Connaught Circle. We also walked from here down to India Gate and the Parliament buildings without any difficulty or hassle. The problem with the Park is that they just charge too much money for what they offer. This is a good hotel, but not a 5 star hotel and they want a lot of money. The breakfasts are very good but you will find the bar prices to be absurd. The latter is quite common all through northern India by the way. 250-300 rupees is common for a beer whereas in Goa the price is 45-50. Funny thing, Goa is crawling with tourists but you will be surprised at how few tourists you see in the Golden Triangle. Anway we found that the Park liquor prices were higher than the Imperial which is very definitely a 5 or 6 star hotel, go figure.Don't fail to go for dinner at the United Coffee Shop which is quite close. Best food in India and very cheap. The Imperial has an incredible restaurant but prices are way up there.The heavy set tuk tuk driver who will press you a little bit as you leave the hotel is actually very good and quite helpful. 50 rupees goes a long way with these guys in Delhi. Beware the touts lurking around Connaught place. Virtually everthing they tell you will turn out to be a lie.	
Nov 26 2006	Really liked the Park Hotel	We stayed in this hotel for two nights at the end of a tour of Rajasthan. Contrary to reviews that I have seen, we found it to be excellent in most respects, the only exception being that in the evening we heard some drilling and banging from the floor above us - presumably where rooms are being rebuilt. We found the ambience, including ultra modern furnishings, pleasant and relaxing. The room was more than large enough, with the largest bed that I have ever seen - over 3 metres wide ! The staff were anxious to please and invariably smiling and pleasant - if there have been service problems in the past then the management must be working hard to address this.We did not eat dinner here but found the breakfast fresh and comprehensive.I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Sep 8 2006 	Better than the reviews suggest	I have to say that I am quite shocked at all the negative reviews of The Park Hotel, it is in my opinion a great place to stay. Its possible that some of these reviewers are expecting the Shangrila or the Imperial, but I doubt if they will find a room at the same rate in one of those hotels. The Park is quite different to the standard Indian 5 star hotel. They have completely renovated the hotel to a very modern, but kinda funky style which is IMHO very refreshing. I'm not an expert on interior design, but its kinda like what a science fiction writer of the early 1970s would envision a hotel in the year 2006 would look like. If you've ever seen &quot;Sleeper&quot;, or &quot;A Clockwork Orange&quot; you'll understand what I mean. RoomsThe rooms are admittedly a little small compares with other hotels in Delhi, but in all honesty, it really doesn't bother me, although I do understand why it might bother some. If you are looking for big rooms, this is not your hotel.The rooms are comfortable, although they are lacking perhaps a nice comfortable armchair, but thats probably due to the space factor. There are plenty of pillows on the bed which is perfect for me - saves me having to constantly ask housekeeping for more.There is a wide screen LCD TV in every room which is a nice touch, and there's also a DVD player, so bring some movies with you from home. I undertand there are films available from the hotel, but I didn't try.The bathroom is a very nice design, though as mentioned in previous posts the door is opaque which might bother some. Restaurants and BarsThere are 2 restaurants and 2 bars - Fire is an excellent Indian restaurant and Agni is a very hip bar. Mist is the standard hotel 24 hour restaurant (though very funky) and Aqua is an outdoor poolside bar. Breakfast is in Mist and is typical hotel buffet breakfast and very adequate.LocationCan't get much better for location - its right in the center of town, 5 minutes from Connaught Place. Its not set in acres of parkland like some other Delhi hotels, but those hotels aren't walking distance from shopping, restaurants etc like the Park is.ServiceThis is where I REALLY disagree with the other reviews. I find the service at the Park to be as good, if not better than other Delhi hotels. for example: I got a phone call at 8pm one night from the hotel sales manager who invited me downstairs to the bar for complimentary cocktails. He met me in the bar and introduced himself, and explained that he likes to meet with the hotel's guests. He was an extremely pleasant fellow, and was very open about the high cost of rooms in Delhi at the moment, and offered some advice on how to get better rates - not just at the Park . He also arranged a 6pm late checkout at no extra charge for me. Its treatment like this that will gain my repeat business, and that is what I call good service. Beyond that, all hotel staff is in my opinion extremely courteous and friendly. All in all, The Park is not super luxury, but it is still a very good hotel, especially if you appreciate things a little bit different to the ordinary.One thing to take into consideration - The Luxury Tax that is levied on all hotel rooms in Delhi is charged at the rack rate, not at the discount rate. This is a goverment regulation and has nothing to do with the hotel.	
Sep 5 2006 	A mediocre hotel with terrible staff and service	We booked for two nights on the hotel website. However, due to unforseen delays in India, we had to shorten our stay to one night. When we called the hotel to change our reservation, the manager on duty was arrogant and flatly told us that we could not change our reservation and we would have to pay for both nights. Inspite of being charged for two nights, when we checked in a day later than our scheduled reservation at 3pm, our room was not ready and we had to go for lunch to wait for our room. When we did finally made it to our room, a massive renovation of the corner floor was underway. The grinding noise and hammering was simply unbearable. When we called the duty manager to complain, she wanted us to understand that as the hotel was full, they had no choice but to give us the room next to the ongoing internal renovation. She appeared miffed that we could not appreciate her dilemma and assured us that the work would stop by 7pm and only start again the next morning at 9am. We had to call again to complain that the work was still going on past 7pm. The rooms albeit stylish and tastefully furnished with designer furniture and pastel color bathroom, were very small and designed with little regard for space maximisation. The food in the restaurant was mediocre for the prices. The staff at reception was disoriented and unfriendly. For all our trouble, no one cared and inquired as to how our had been. I would not stay at this place again.	
Aug 29 2006 	Overpriced by at least 50%	Overpriced 4 start property pretending to be a 5 starWhat strikes you the moment you enter THE PARK, NEW DELHI 's lobby is that the website fooled you into believing what it said! This place is definitely not 5 star. It qualifies for a good 4 star status. But for sure, not 5 star !The lobby is small, but clean and modern art-deco types (not my type for sure). The staff I found was prompt, and the lady who escorted my family to the room took pains to be courteous and pleasant. Good. The porter who brought the luggage to the room looked menacing, don't know why!The walls in the pathway (isle) of my floor were having stain marks which I first mistook as marble design!The room I paid for was deluxe premium, and it turned out to be quite small. They could have definitely made it much bigger than this, at least considering what I shelled out for it.The furnishings in the room are good, but you really can't enjoy it as the size gets to you. The semi-transparent (translucent)bathroom walls are a radical idea, and may not gel well with families.The food is way overpriced. I guess prices could be slashed by 50% to make it feel reasonable. We were not happy with what we got, and felt uneasy.Another important points : remember to ask if the hotel is undergoing renovation ? The lady who escorted us to the room when we checked in gave me 2 bad news --- Gym etc. are all under renovation, and there is repair going on through the day (so be ready for some noise). Why don't they mention it on their website? I may not have booked in this place had I known that the Gym will be closed!Overall, a plush 4 star property, way overpriced. At leat from an Indian point of view.	
Jul 10 2006 	A very disappointing stay	It was a very very terrible stay for me and my colleagues. There was absolutely nobody at the reception counter to guide us. We have been given wrong rooms. The staff was not at all friendly and some of them really misbehaved with us. Being a female, I was often taken for granted and even few staff tried to sexually abuse me. Over all avery bad experience. I will never return to this hotel anymore nor would recommend anybody to stay at The Park New Delhi.	
Jun 15 2006	Overrated - don't be fooled by the website	I booked The Park on the basis of some positive guidebook mentions and the cool, contemporary rooms featured on the website. On arrival we were shown a boring outdated room in drab brown &amp; when I complained was told that only 2 floors have the updated rooms. I was then shown a contemporary room, it was tiny and the soft furnishings were stained. After protesting again that nothing I had seen so far was worth the rate I had paid I was finally transferred to a suite. This was glitzy (leopard print rug and gold headboard!) and v. large but not what I had originally hoped for.The staff were courteous and did go out of their way to accommodate us. On the upside the public areas of the hotel were elegant, it has a lovely pool area and bar and the location of the hotel is good.	
Jun 4 2006	Bad Service Bad Food Just Avoid It	I has just been staying at the Oberoi New Delhi and my family and I went to Mumbai and then back to New Delhi and styaed at the park. I walked in and though wow this is a interisting hotel, concept design inscents burning lovely. But then i went to our bedroom it was tidgey!, plus the porters took about 2hrs 30mins to get our luggage to our rooms, the food is rubbish, the service is extremly poor, the lifts don't work and the pool isn't even vaguely warm. Overall a very poor hotel which shoudl't claim itself five-star.	
May 23 2006	check the bedding	stayed here at beginning and end of tour of india.loved the food and the service in the restaurants was excellent. BUT on both occasions I checked the bedding prior to going to bed and found the sheets were soiled. The second time the soiling was of a masculine nature. I think you get the picture. Ladies be careful.	
May 6 2006	I totally agree with Neil form London	I totally agree with Neil from London concerning the service at The Park in New Delhi. I think he gives a perfect description of what it is like.	
May 2 2006	Disappointing!!	The only positive aspect about this hotel is the location. It is a short stroll to connaught place but the place is surrounded by unscrupulous taxi drivers and touts (people who get a commission for bringing you to overpriced tourist shops) who make walking a bit of a nightmare. The room was clean and comfortable but very overpriced. The glass shower is ok for couples but can be a problem when used by a family. The serice is terrible most advertised services are unavailable. The travel desk is a joke, do not use them as they charge almost Rs3000 for a full day city tour when the going rate is around R700 in an ac car. I will definitely not be ripped off by staying in this place again.	
Apr 21 2006	Great hotel!	This hotel is a haven in the madness that is Delhi! We spent 3 nights here and really enjoyed ourselves!The rooms are immaculately clean with lovely decoration, the bathrooms are modern and well fitted, with lots of freebies and a great power shower.The pool area is small but well kept and well designed - but be warned, the pool is VERY cold! There are 2 restaurants and a poolside snack bar - we tried all of them and were not disappointed. The food is of good quality, as isnt badly priced considering this is an expensive hotel. Obviously it is cheaper to eat outside the hotel - but definitley give the 'Fire' restaurant a go. Has a great bar too.The staff were lovely to us, nothing was too much trouble and we were always met with smiles!I'd say this was the nicest place we stayed in India - we were there for several weeks all around the northern region and goa.	
Apr 20 2006	A little diasppointing	On first impressions, I was a little disppointed since the lobby looked more like a glorified 3-star hotel rather than a 5-star hotel. However the room and bathroom were clean.On returning to the Park after an overnight stay in Agra, we had to change rooms twice on checking-in. This was not due to any fault on our part. The reason for this was that despite specifically requesting a non-smoking room both at the time of booking and at check-in we were given a smoking room. Although the room was changed we had to change the second time due to another problem with the room.Unfortunately for us this delayed us and we missed our engagement for the evening which we missed out completely since we were leaving Delhi the next morning. This was a little stressful for me.I have stayed in quite a few 5 star hotels around the world and I appreciate that mistakes do get made. However I was a little taken aback that there was no gesture made by management to acknowledge their mistake for example at least with a complementary basket of fruit.While the staff at the Park are very pleasant and helpful, I don't think I will be rushing back to the Park on my next visit to Delhi.	
Apr 11 2006	Surreal experience	Quite a surreal hotel due to its ultra modern sterile interior. Great service, lovely pool, good food. However I couldn't help feeling that I could have been anywhere in the world due to the bland interiors. I suppose it is great is you want to escape the chaos of india outside its walls. Denim clad waiters, glass bathroom walls, Terance Conran interiors. If you like the above ambience then this is a great hotel.	
Mar 25 2006	Plenty of promise but poor service and staff attitude disappoints...	This hotel really has so much promise - but I'm afraid I'm unable to write a positive review due to the poor attitude of the staff and resulting low levels of service. From the moment we checked in, the service was very average - rather than greeting customers with a smile, it seemed to me that everything was a bit of an effort for them. The staff at reception did not genuinely want to help - for example, when I called up with a question about their Internet service, they were quite unhelpful - instead of putting me through to someone who could help, they seemed more keen to get me off the phone.Unfortunately it's not only the reception staff who need some urgent training - the service at breakfast was equally as poor. The hotel appears to employ so many staff, however most of them were just milling about talking to each other, rather than serving the guests. On some days, we had to wait for a table, as whilst the table was free, it had not yet been cleared and re-set. For the rates charged by this hotel, the breakfast quality was extremely poor with not enough variety in the menu each day. Many items ran out regularly and were not refilled quickly enough.The room we stayed in had been recently refurbished and whilst it was generally comfortable, I'm not a big fan of the nouveau styling. The sliding bathroom door doesn't have a lock, and whilst the bathroom looks nice, the strange shaped washbasin isn't particularly convenient to use. The LCD TV in the room is a nice touch, but signal quality wasn't up to scratch and quite grainy on most channels. Also, the hotel won't provide an extra bed in the room - only a mattress. We managed to convince housekeeping to provide two mattresses stacked one on top of the other, however it's still not particularly comfortable.So, my overall opinion of this hotel is poor given the fairly high room rate. They really need to make some urgent improvements in the area of customer service!	
Feb 20 2006	Perfectly Fine Hotel	My son and I stayed at The Park for two nights and thought it was a fine hotel - although a bit pricy. It's definately over-the-top as far as modern decor goes including glass-walled bathroom and art in our room. In the bathroom, both bars of soap had ONE flower pedal layed carefully on top. Good shower, but the matress was typical (hard) for India. Great pillows, though. We ate in the casual restaurant for dinner and had very good food (pizza cooked in a wood-burning oven). Didn't get to take advantage of the pool area but it was beautiful. No issues at all with noise. Service was fine. We found that English is not spoken as fluently in Northern India, and this being our first stop up north, we thought it was the staff (some had a hard time understanding what we were asking for), but that's just the way it is (as compared to Southern India).	
Feb 5 2006	House music until 3am !		
Jan 15 2006	AVOID THE PARK		
Jan 8 2006	Comfy beds		
Oct 22 2005	Surreal Lobby but soft beds		
Sep 23 2005	Needs better customer service		
May 13 2005	Very descent Hotel		
Mar 17 2005	Good No Nonsense Hotel		
Dec 14 2004	loved the park		
Oct 14 2004	Style and substance at The Park		
Sep 4 2009 	Hotel the park		
Apr 1 2009 	muy buena ubicacion. Calidad/Precio = caro!.		
Feb 28 2009 	Kein 5* Deluxe max. 3*		
Nov 29 2008 	design		
Nov 15 2008 	essenziale		
Sep 10 2008	Muy bonito pero caro		
Aug 11 2008 	Pour le restaurant !		
Aug 6 2008 	Nos encantó		
Jul 27 2008 	Ein gutes Hotel mit viel Nightlife		
Nov 7 2007 	Cooles Hotel		
Sep 30 2007 	gratamente sorprendidos		
