	If it is not Ajanta it's got to be Delhi City Centre	I was in Hotel Ajanta the sister concern of this hotel for 3 days on work. I checked out, made a trip to Agra and returned to this hotel. Very nice and comfortable rooms, excellent service and a great location	
	Filthy rip-off.	Do not stay here. The website is misleading and the place is disgusting. There was actual blood on the walls of the bathroom and the building is literally falling apart. The management will lie to you and rip you off. An absolutely disgusting experience.	
Nov 13 2009 	Horrible hotel	We arrived to be told that because we had arrived early we had to pay for almost an additional nights rate. As we were tired after our journey and in need of a shower we had no option. It would have been good to have been warned about this especially as we were in contact with the hotel prior to our visit as they were sending a car to pick us up. The hotel is nothing like the photos you see (most of these are actually of the adjoining Ajanta Hotel which appears to have some kind of partnership going with the Delhi City Centre hotel). The room whilst 'cleaned' was uncomfortable in that the sheets and towels were grey and so threadbare there were holes in them, the air conditioning didn't work, the fan very noisy so much so we thought it was going to fall off. Staff wanted money for just about everything, so much so that one actually pushed his way into the room while we were undressing to ask for money for returning the passports they took off us on reception. The desk manager rang us at 6am waking us up to 'double check' how long we were staying despite going over this and writing it down several times.There are a number of hotels on this road that are far better for the same and less money. We stayed in one on our return to Delhi on the same street and it was 50% quieter and more relaxing.Only thing going for this is it's location.... but then there are other hotels!	
Oct 29 2009 	Cozy and comfortable-good budget hotel	I travelled with friends to India and stayed in new delhi at hotel delhi city center. I liked the room in the hotel. Nice and bright. My friends stayed in Ajanta Hotel and we would all walk to Connaught Place to eat Indian spicy 'chat' [thats what the dish is called] and go shopping to Janpath. The staff helped me understand where to go and what to see.	
Oct 19 2009	Awful Hotel	I was in this awful hotel, and the staff would try to cheat you at every time. They charge things you haven't consumed, and for that price you can go to a REAL HOTEL, that's a pathetic place, with pathetic staff really. I hope the government would close it for obvious reasons, they cheat everytime they can, you will be robbed!	
Oct 11 2009 	Definitely Not Recommended	We stayed at this hotel with our 3 children in the Family room. I wouldn't trust any of the staff, they took our passports to &quot;photocopy&quot; details for check-in, but took a long time to return them- they asked us to go to our room without them but we refused and finally they brought them back.The room itself was ok, but not clean, especially the sheets which were changed and changed..but there were apparently no sheets without rips or stains- so we just put up with ripped sheets!The area around the hotel is terrible, the smell, the dirtiness as well as people ready to hassle you as soon as you stand outside.Also for breakfast you have to go to the Ajanta, a hotel just in front of this hotel. You have to walk through a dirty and stinky alley way which may put you off eating your breakfast anyway. The staff there are not interested in service anyway.We definitely will never stay there again!	
Oct 1 2009 	Awful hotel dishonest staff misleading website - don't do it	Pretty appalling. BEWARE - this has a &quot;sister&quot; hotel, The Hotel Ajanta. The photos on the website are of the Ajanta (which look quite reasonable), not the Hotel Delhi Centre and if you go there, you will find out why. The Ajanta is cheap and cheerful, but this is not even that good. Having looked around before checking in, I challenged the staff and they lied to my face several times, but when I threatened to leave without checking in they moved us to the Ajanta.	
Sep 29 2009 	Defination of the word pathetic	I was on a business trip to Delhi and fortunately I had the privilege to book the hotel of my choice and unfortunately my destiny took me me to this hotel. people are really pathetic, room service guys look into your purse, as though its their birth right but anyway let me put it like this &quot; its not a three star hotel pls don't get misguided and secondly its a place you are destined to deserve the worst possible respect&quot;	
Sep 6 2009 	Escort...	Hello,Escort girl entered by the back door with her client, customer of the hotel. Though they were discreet, they were not hiding. This hotel is probably not to recommend for family.Best regards,Stéphane	
Aug 22 2009 	Good Hotel - just don't try and leave early for any reason!	My daughter and I had booked in advance 5 nights at this hotel. We thought it was overpriced for India. The hotel is operated by the Ajanta Hotel and is located behind the Ajanta. Breakfast is also served at the Ajanta Hotel. It had advertised being adjacent the the train station. It was not. The train station was about 5-6 blocks walk and the Main Bazaar and Connaught Place were not even close to being in walking distance. The staff were friendly and helpful. Mr Manik the tour director pressured us into a tour to Taj Mahal in a private car rather than taking the express train as he said it would take the same time and we'd be back before dark. After two nights and finding out that the tour operator was less than honest with us we cancelled our tour and decided to check out and leave India for my own health reasons at 7am. However we were not allowed to do so without paying the full 5 nights I had booked (but not yet paid for). After much arguing and upset and threatening to call the police they settled on making me pay for 3 nights (instead of only 2 that I stayed) and made me write a note stating why I was leaving - I did so under duress just to get out of there. We felt like we were being held hostage. The hotel owner later came to try and talk us into staying but never offered us reimbursement for the extra nights charge we did not stay. Upon returning home I checked the website and they had no right to charge me an extra night.Had this situation not occurred when we wanted to leave early I would have totally recommended this hotel. But since it happened I and feel cheated I would not. Never has this type of thing happened to me at any hotel I've ever stayed at on my world travels.	
Jul 19 2009 	Acceptable Room No Wifi	I stayed in a &quot;Family Room&quot; with a couple friends. The room was smaller than expected and not especially clean (found condom wrapper next to the bed). The location is convenient, as noted by other reviews. The staff was friendly, spoke good English, and was helpful. We were disappointed that the &quot;free wifi&quot; that was supposed to be included in the room was non-existent. At check-in, I asked about it and was given a password to access the network. 10 minutes later, I tried to access it in the room and found no network. I went downstairs to ask, and they said there was no internet. Go figure.	
Jul 3 2009 	made my stay in delhi much easier	the staff at this hotel makes it a great place to stay. mrs. ravi helped us plan a great trip north of delhi. our trip to delhi would not have been nearly as good if we had not had the staff of this hotel to guide us. the room met my expectations and the breakfast was good.	
May 21 2009 	good for the location	I stayed at this hotel 2 nights, I think the location is great to go to Delhi station, metro, Connaught place. Regarding the room, it is simple - not good and not bad. I felt the price is a bit expensive with total.And this area - Pahar Ganji, Main bazar are very busy so if you'd like to stay quiet and clean area, I dont recommend this hotel. if not, you will enjoy your staying.	
May 12 2009 	Modern safe and very Friendly	brand new modern hotel ,picked us up from the airport gave us a nice hot meal at 3 am at night and woke us up the next day our breakfast was ready as per my prescribed medicinal diet which i had emailed them about.They dont have a seperate conceirge but hotel staff spent enuf time to answer my questions .I will be back and have recomended them to my organisation .	
May 1 2009 	Great place!	This is a super choice for the budget traveller, close to Connaught Place and Old Delhi. Much better than many other cheap places opposite the railway station	
Feb 11 2009 	great value!	Great place to stay in Delhi! For the price I paid, I got exactly what I wanted - clean, comfortable and welcoming place to stay. The staff was extremely helpful and go out of their way to serve all your needs. The room was good size, freshly painted with clean sheets etc - had a good sleep. Place is pretty quiet too, stayed here for a few days, enjoyed it.	
Oct 25 2009 	?????????		
Sep 2 2009 	Hotel effrayant et pas en sécurité!		
Aug 28 2009 	So Bad		
