Jun 10 2009 	No good food for vegetarians	I was 7 months pregnant hence i was given the best available hotels for the business trip to ensure that my trip is comfortable. But it turned out to be a bit pathetic as i was a vegetarian and there was hardly any good food for vegetarians. Additionally the food cost was also very high. The ambiance was good, rest all the amenities were good but my only worry was about the food which was not upto my satisfaction. I'm not sure if non-veggies would be happy to stay there. I stayed there for almost 10 days, more than myself i was worried about my baby who was yet to see the world. Thanks to GOD this stay didn't affect my health and i had a\delivered a healthy baby girl on 4th July 2009. That's it from my end :)	
May 8 2007 	Not worth the money	If you try to find a hotel in Delhi that is somewhere between a €400 a night 5 star and a €10 flea pit, you will be disappointed. There seems to be very little in the way of nice, reasonably priced hotels in Delhi. We thought that we had done the exception with The Grand Inn - but we were sadly mistaken.We arranged for a pick up from the airport but there was no sign of anyone when we arrived so we phoned the hotel, who gave us the driver's mobile. It turned out that the driver was waiting outside because he wanted to keep the €0.10 that you have to pay to enter the airport. Ok, we thought, these things happen, no problem at all. So we followed the driver to the crappiest car you could imagine. We were surprised it even moved when it had to go downhill. And his driving style made me wish that the seatbelts had been left in the car rather than be cut out. Still, no problem. This is India, these things happen.We had booked a suite - and we got the one that is on their leaflet/website. Like many hotels in India the bed consists of an undersheet and a blanket - there is no top sheet. We took a look at the blanket and sheet, and decided to sleep on our sleeping bag. But no problem, this is India.Both the room and the bathroom had seen better days, many of them in fact. But since we only slept in the room we did not mind too much, after all this is India. We stayed in many places on our trip to India and this place was the worst. It would have been acceptable at maybe €15 a night - but you have to be the type of person who does not mind staying grotty, noisy, run down places in order to save a few quid. We had agreed a rate before we went and were expecting some tax to be added - but we ended up getting over 25% &quot;tax&quot; added to our bill, and paying about €65 a night. This place was definitely not worth it.The hotel itself is a bit out from the main sights in Delhi but it is easy to get a auto rickshaw in and out (about 50 rupees) and it takes about 30 mins to Connaught Place. It is on a busy enough road, and as the other reviewers commented there is nothing to see/do around the hotel. If I were to go back I think that I would take my chances with one of the places around Connaught Place that gets the mixed reviews on Tripadvisor. At least if it is as run down a this place you have things to do on your door step!(it is worth noting that at the time we went there were only 3 reviews of this place and they were reasonably enough. The once written since then have been more truthful!)	
Apr 8 2007 	Nice people poor location	Very friendly staff who were keen to assist above and beyond the call of duty, and let me check in long before the official time.Adequately comfortable room. Hot water supply rather unreliable. A bit noisy at night (but then, this is India...). Drinkable coffee.I probably wouldn't stay here again, but that's primarily because of the location. It's a safe area and it's not too far from many sites of tourist interest, but it's a bit frustrating that (as far as I could find) there's nowhere to eat, nothing to see, nothing at all to do within walking distance - so you end up spending a lot of time in cabs or rickshaws.A couple of tips related to transport if you do stay here. It's usually easier to get a cab/rickshaw on the OTHER side of New Rohtak Road. And when returning to the hotel, ask for the Liberty Cinema - no drivers will know the hotel, but the cinema (about a short block away) is a well-known landmark.	
Mar 24 2007 	Right by train station but not so nice	The Grand Inn is five minutes from the Delhi train station, which certainly is convenient for early departures. Also, it is in a quiet area. My brother and his wife had a room right next to mine. We shared a (very) mini walkout. Their room was OK. However, my room had not been cleaned and the bed had been slept in. The food we ordered was good. Still searching for a reliable budget hotel in New Delhi...	
Mar 10 2007	DISGUSTING !!!	Beware, this place is a dump ! Probably the other feedback critiques have been written by friends of the owners. There were cockroaches in the rooms, they don't even change the sheets for new guests (there were hairs in our beds - we slept fully clothed !), the sole towel that was once white is a horrible shade of grey. Location is extremely noisy just by a very busy main road, the area pretty grim as well. All in all, a rip off joint to be avoided at all costs. The &quot;suites&quot; are also not suites at all, just bigger rooms with the same grotty look. DISGUSTING !!	
Jan 17 2007 	WOW	wonderful experiance stayin in this hotel, wonderful helpful staff, very near to best of the places, neat, good big rooms, good food, kind hearted staff, had wonderful staying in this hotel i think its priced decently had tight budget this time thought wud stay in some local cheap hotel but when travel agent booked this hotel thought it will be not be good but when reached there we got warm welcome and when we saw suites i was amazed and thanking god again and as it was vry clean and beautiful room with clean hygenic bathrooms which is imp thing and with all the facilities and vry vry helpful staff. i think best time we had in delhi and in our hotel room.	
Dec 13 2006 	A good (and reasonably-priced) hotel in Delhi	I spent two nights at the Grand Inn and I must say I'm very satisfied. The rooms are ok. The food is very nice (and, of course, very spicy). And the employees are very helpful and friendly. The owner also personally helped us a lot. The hotel is relatively well situated (close to the Karol Bagh bazaar and not far (using the auto rickshaws) from Connaught Place). Finally, I believe the price is reasonable. I am planning to go to Delhi again next year and I'll definitely book the Grand Inn again...(Avinash Meetoo from Mauritius)	
Jul 20 2006	totally unbeliveable	Its probably the best hotel you'll find in new delhi...every hotel has its own specialities but to find one completelly special hotel is very difficult. The Grand Inn is one of those comletly special hotels because of its following points.1)Location is excellent...2)Other hotel facilities are great. 3)Interiors are very nice and the rooms are specially made for complete rest and comfort...4)food quality is very high...It was great pleeasure to stay in THE GRAND INN...	
Jun 25 2006	i loved this hotel a lot staff was very helpfull and friendly.	i suggest this beautifull hotel to ppl who really want to enjoy the stay in delhi. the cost is good enough reasonable. 24 hrs room service is wow.would always go to this hotel if in delhi and also recommend my friends for this one.,	
