	Dirty cockroach infested room and terrible front desk service	After spending much time selecting this hotel for our trip to Delhi, I would strongly advise anybody not to stay here. Our room was dirty, filled with coakroaches (woke up with one on my pillow), the front desk service was terrible, we were made to feel awful because we didn't book our driver through Rajasthan through Ranauk's travel desk and wouldn't let it go, it took forever to get simple things like clean towels, had not hot water and almost missed our train to Delhi because the man at the front desk forgot to provide us with a wake-up call (luckily, we had set our alarm) and instead of telling the driver to take us to the trainstation, the taxi driver tried to take us to the airport.Overall, the room was filthy and the front desk service was terrible. The only good thing about this hotel is it's proximity to the Metro...which makes for easy travel around Delhi...and a lovely breakfast included in the price.	
	Perfect Hotel	I had a nice stay in the hotel with my wife. A homely &amp; clean environment with prompt service was great. Staff was kind and helpful. People are friendly and helpful; the area is quite centrally located with easy transportations. We had a nice stay and sweet memories.	
	“Recommended”	Our stay was fine there. Their tour assistance was good. We appreciate these guidance given for our trip.	
	Educated and Good Staff	We stayed in two hotels in Delhi before picking up this hotel. Theworst about those hotels was the uneducated and useless staff. Here isthis hotel I found people with great knowledge. The Boss has travelledto 30 countries so far. Everybody was great.	
	"Great service"	Raunak Hotel is definitely one of the best hotels we have stayed at in new delhi, India. The rooms is simple but large and clean. The room service and hotel staff is very friendly and helpful. The travel desk within the hotel is great. Location is OK	
	Awesome and enjoyable trip	The hotel is good positioned, the staff is very friendly. Housekeeping, Manager is really helpful; all the staff members are really nice and helping. Even there travel desk is very helpful for, they organized our trips.	
	Best Hotel and Good Service	I stayed at the Raunak hotel in new delhi The property is beautiful. The rooms are modern and sleek. The flat screen TV is great although they could have probably invested in some satellite TV to give us more channels. I mentioned this and they gave me extra with no charge. The lobby bar is very nice I really enjoyed this hotel If they get the internet situation sorted out I would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 26 2009 	as we wanted	We are an old age couple and our third time to india. Hotel is good. Wi-fi, lobby and restaurant are few of the good things in the hotel. A construction site nearby was the only turn down. Orver all fine.	
Nov 23 2009 	I would not recommend this hotel to anyone	We were very disappointed with this hotel. I have stayed in Delhi three times before at better hotels for the same price. To begin we waited at the airport for over an hour to be picked up. I phoned twice and was told the driver was there. They did not tell that he was not in the airport but ouside in the parking area because they are not licienced and so can not wait inside. Then we were sold a very overpriced tour, as I found out later, again because we they are not a tour company or have no licience, we were told if there was an accident to get out and run. The car was not the best with bad tires etc. We we arrived back at the hotel the next night we were told we had to stay at a different hotel which actually was better, bigger room. The one in the Raunak International we could hardly get in. We went off touring India and when we got back we were told again we were in another hotel. This time we were not picked up at the airport at all and ended up getting a taxi. There was no late check out available, even though we had checked in late in the evening. The restaurant in the Raunak was fairly but at the other two hotels owned by the same man the food was dreadful.I definitely would not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Nov 23 2009 	“Worth Recommending”	If you don’t want to spend more and want value for your money this hotel is worth staying. Best point is the location and informative staff	
Nov 22 2009 	“luxury at budget price”	We booked the hotel dirctlily via email. They did not charge any money for advance booking, as decided and promised we were picked up from the airpot, the reception boy welcome us with a smile, we were give good room. The bed is really comfortable, matress are so soft and good. We had a nice sleep. Room is big and clean. Breakfast were served nicely ( I liked parta). There is a small travel desk here near restaurant which we approached to get information about city. We were impressed with there hospitality and booked our entire 1 month with them. It was an amazing holiday with a mix of train, bus and car. This review is to thank them for their services. I recommend to everybody who want great travel at normal price.	
Nov 21 2009 	“Comfortable Trip”	We booked from malasiya directly with the hotel on our friend’s recommendation. We got a good rate. They sent a good taxi for pick up and same nice taxi to show us Agra and Jaipore. Rooms are clean, laundry is sparking white. Staff is polite and helpful. We had a comfortable trip in india becouse of them.	
Nov 20 2009 	Best of the Best Hotel Raunak	We booked five rooms in hotel Raunak International in delhi. When they came to know marriage anniversary. They organized our party for us and presented us with a beautiful chocolate cake. We enjoyed very much. Such a good hotel. We were feeling great. This place is lovely .This place is lovely rooms have everything you could desire and are very nicely decorated and as clean as possible. The warm welcome from Staff adds a great touch and breakfast cooked to order was spot on. This place is faultless and having stayed there first time I wouldn't stay anywhere else when we are in delhi again.	
Nov 19 2009 	Cheap Hotel Near New Delhi City Center	We stayed Raunak International for four nights and it was our refuge from the busy streets of Kowloon. Despite being in a shopping, restaurant and pub area our room was cozy and quiet. We had a room on the back side and had no street noise. We found the staff to be very attentive and pleasant, always quick to open the door and greet our arrival and departure. The glass bathroom door is a bit odd but we were reading the newspaper and a real estate story profiled a luxury suite with all glass bathroom walls. May be its more common in Delhi than we think.The hotel is close to the New Delhi City Center to be an excellent base for our exploration	
Nov 18 2009 	“promt service”	Our pickup, check in and checkout was swift every body knows what they have to do. I liked this kindness and dedication towards making improvements. You will be taken care.	
Nov 16 2009 	Safe Heaven For Female Travelers	Large rooms, free internet on my laptop, flat screen TV’s in lobby andin room, DVD was provided to us free of cost. A good holiday wasplanned to Agra &amp; Jaipur by the manager and he gave us his own car. Wewere females between 20-25 years of age and were so safe in thishotel. We wanted to walk in the street at night, the manager sent theguard with us.	
Nov 15 2009 	Smart Service	We stayed at the raunak hotel with my family during our recent visit to india. The hotel is very good location close to karol bagh metro station. Staff was always very friendly &amp; helpful and the rooms were clean, good and a nice restaurant provides the best curry. We loved this hotel. The hotel is impressive with high ceiling and modern furnishings and very modern with a beautiful lobby it was our home for a total of 6 nights during our 1 week trip to India this winter.	
Nov 14 2009 	Recommend Raunak	stayed with my family for 3 day. Clean rooms, good food, nicebreakfast, friendly staff, location was also good car recommend tofriends coming Delhi.	
Nov 12 2009 	Good Hotel Great Hospitality	I went to Delhi for my business trip and happened to stay in HotelRaunak international. To my surprise I found the hotel at par with the star hotelsin the city. Nice ambiance, good interior, soothing music, latestfacilities, friendly and courteous staff - putting all these togethermade my stay very comfortable. I really enjoyed my stay. I woulddefinitely recommend it to all my friends and colleagues. Keep up thegood work.	
Nov 10 2009 	Close To My Heart	Going on a honeymoon to India. I checked in to Hotel RaunakInternational in Delhi. The moment they came to know about this. Wegot a special treatment. A bunch of flowers was sent to our room. Inthe evening the boss came, to our surprise this was a party at theroof top restaurant. All staff and great were invited. It was kept forus. Next day the hotel organized a trip to Taj Mahal, a symbol oflove. We were touched by the gesture. This hotel will always remainvery close to our heart. Special thanks to Mr.Singh.	
Nov 9 2009 	Awful Hotel	On our recent visit to India we passed through Delhi 3 times and this was by far the worst hotel that we stayed in.... maybe even in the whole on India. It started with Check in. On arrival I noted reception staff telling guests that the metro was too far to walk to. This is incorrect it is 10 minutes. I assume this was a prelude to a sales pitch but am not sure. The whole check-in process took over 40 minutes. The reception staff was constantly interrupted, anwering the telephone, calling out to other staff, speaking to other guests etc and we were completely sidelined. Not what you need especially after a 16 hour train journey in. Finally we got to the room which smelt stale and sheets were dirty. My pillow case had dried food encusted into it. This was too much. My boyfriend complained to reception who said we would have to wait one hour to speak with the manager. This was not good enough and we decided to go directly to the managers office. In fairness the manager was kind and courteous and arranged to change our room and upgrade us. However I would say the upgrade was hardly worth the bother as the new room though bigger was also not clean. By this time we were beyond complaining further and ruining our time with arguements. The water was also never hot. If we had not prepaid in advance we wold have left the hotel. I really like the Karol Bagh area. There are hundreds of hotels here. One thing is for sure is that this one is not good value for money. They charge European prices with substandard quality and service. I would never recommend this hotel to anyone. My advice is not to book in advance and have a good look around the area.	
Nov 8 2009 	Good place in hotel	Nice feature elegantly appointed room sand suites in a variety of decor with quality amenities. The spacious accommodations, exceptional service, and the outstanding Good place in hotel, make this hotel an unparallel Royal Experience.	
Nov 8 2009 	Value Service 	Counter staff is efficient, centrally located, near other parts ofimportant in Delhi for a travelles on holiday it is a good hotel willsgood service. I did not pay much for a room which is worth and if thiskind of a room is in other parts of the worth and, I am save the rentwould be higher.	
Nov 5 2009 	Lovely People	Comfortable room, clean laundry, staff is lovely, helps you for your every query. Intelligent management, things run perfectly. I stayed for 3 days and found it worth recommending	
Nov 4 2009 	Raunak International Hotel is International	We were very fortunate to find this hotel in Delhi. We were doubting on the service because the rates are very less. But when we got world class service and beautiful rooms. We are surprised. We are really impressed. Everything we could think of was available and very well placed. We will come again and please give us room no. 403 because we have sweet memories in that room. Good wishes and try to please all foreigners like this.	
Nov 1 2009 	Great Place	Stayed with a shoestring group. Good room, great service and helpful staff. Nice breakfast and dinner happy and will come again	
Oct 31 2009 	my new home in delhi	i went to delhi in mid september with our dancing troop to participate in our inter university feast..we stayed there at hotel raunak arranged by the organisers only.the hotel was really fantastic and we all had a great time staying there.everything related to it was great.my earlier experiences with hotels in delhi hasnt been great but everything was just so good.....staffs were so cordial and provided brilliant service.again food was really good in the restaurant.again according to their standards maintained it was reaaalllly a place to go for. i think i have found my place in delhi now.	
Oct 29 2009 	Fruitful Experience...	friends, Hotel Raunak provides service in true sence..i was really surprised by the hospitality they have shown..delicious food, good ambiance, melodious music and a good peace of architecture... its a blend of true values and good services, that to at a reasonable price...&quot;what more 1 would need 2 change a mood...&quot;i wish all the very best 4 the hotel managment...keep up the good work..	
Oct 29 2009 	Best Place To enjoy moments with your partner	We stayed in this hotel for 3 days. We enjoyed very much. The staff is friendly and very helpful. Hotel is very Clean and tidy.Manager and team was very helpful and always working with the intent of making us comfortable. I liked the food.Home service was Excellent.	
Oct 24 2009 	The Best Budget Hotel In The Centre Of The City	The best budget hotel to stay in while in Delhi. Every thing is very closely connected with the metro station and shopping places. The Staff at Raunak are always warm an welcoming when I go there to stay. The rooms are all newly done up and the rooms are very clean and tidy with wifi access for internet and a 24 hour restaurant. This hotel is best value for money.Romit	
Oct 24 2009 	Excellent Hotel with Smart Service	The hotel is centrally located so makes it easier to move around the delhi city. We really enjoyed our stay in the hotel, the staff was very helpful and provided good service. The rooms are clean and very good. i would recommend this hotel.	
Oct 21 2009 	Worst hotel I ever stayed	i was confirem at Raunak Plaza but upon arrival ended up staying at this hotel owned by same owner. This is form on Con by booking traveller in to higher rated hotel then making them stay at lower rate hotel. management should be ashamed of themselves.the following did not work: hot water, internet access, shower doors AC water dripping on pillows, unclean towel, not to mention the bed sheets.worst experience of my travel.	
Oct 19 2009 	Thanks for raunak hotel manager	I came to delhi with my wife. I booked a luxury room with cheap prices in hotel raunak international for three days. I enjoy delhi sightseeing with my wife. This hotel is very good location and very clean. The service, foods and the rooms are of excellent quality I think its like a five star hotel. Last day suffering from fever but the hotel manager helps me. The hotel manager called a doctor and treatment me. Thanks the hotel manager. I would like this hotel, when I came to delhi I stay this hotel again.	
Oct 18 2009 	Comfortable journey in delhi	We travel to Delhi several times in a year and generally we prefer to stay at the raunak hotel. It is conveniently located on karol bagh near new Delhi railway station. The hotel is closed to shopping market. The staff is prompt and efficient and the rooms are comfortable and extremely well maintained	
Oct 16 2009 	Good value; terrible service (apart from the Manager)	The hotel was ok, although no hot water and a shower glass panel sitting in the bath wasn't ideal. The manager was really helpful when we arrived and arranged train tickets for us for the very next day (the train station was closed) at an inflated price. The general customer service was very, very poor, firstly they didn't pick us up from the airport (although after much insistence they paid for our taxi fare), room service kept knocking on our door and rang us whilst we were sleeping to give us food/drink that we hadn't even ordered. The next morning the waiter in the restaurant became really aggressive with us as he kept trying to insist that we had to pay for our breakfast, even though it was complimentary. It appeared that none of the staff actually communicated with one another at all. I haven't stayed anywhere else in Delhi for a point of reference, so perhaps my review is harsh, but bad service is my pet hate I'm afraid.	
Oct 15 2009 	Decent Budget Hotel	Hotel raunak international is a leading economy hotel. It is a convenient place for family and holiday travelers offering personalized services in your budget. the staff were very helpful.This hotel is ok, Room was clean, spacious and with all basic amenities. Very good value for money.	
Oct 14 2009 	Splender Budget Hotels in Delhi	Raunak International.One of the best in my view.clean room with best food , hospitality is excellent, i read some of the feedback from other people and i booked this hotel, i was full satisfied with the hotel staff , very helpful , The hotel arrange Tajmahal tour and delhi sightseeing also very good . i recomeded to my friend for nice experience in this hotel.	
Oct 13 2009 	Thanks for Raunak staffs	I came to delhi with my friends. Mr Nafish gave me a fresh room in Raunak hotel with cheap price. I stay one day here. I would like good behavior and good service of Raunak hotel staffs, foods are very nice. Guard properly takes care of my car whole day. So I am very happy. My opinion is when I came to delhi I stay in Raunak hotel again. Thank you very much Mr Nafish and Raunak staffs.	
Oct 11 2009 	Excellent service than expectation	We have got excellent service in low cost .All are enjoy the moment in a great joy. So at the end we must visit this place again when we got leisure time so thanks to all the staff and owner of this hotel for their service .	
Oct 11 2009 	Splender Property	This budget hotel is conveniently located few meter away from the karol bagh metro Station and close to shopping market. Staff was friendly and well trained. Service was quick and prompt. Room was well maintained and finely clean, and have all the modern amenities. Food was very tasty. Location was very convenient	
Oct 6 2009	Loving with nurture and care	I decided to a travel tour with my family to Delhi-Jaipur- Agra- Delhi- Haridwar - Rishikesh during the 1st week of July 2009, school/ colloge summer holiday time.We wanted a comfortable package tour including sight seeing places coupled with continuous transport conveyance with us and stay at good hotel for accomodation for all the above places.To accomplish our dream, we started surfing in the net to enquire our requirement to fulfill.Many travel package had contacted for this but the response with offer which I received from Hotel Raunak international Delhi made me surprise as this was the best with reality what we wanted.They did everything for us. We only sent 25 % of the advance money to them through on line transfer of money .They booked in advance all accomodations at the above 4 places with INNOVA car A/C for conveyance.Our stay at all these places were lovely and very nice , hotel rooms were very nice and clean. We were provided with free breakfast . Finally at Delhi we stayed at hotel raunak international Delhi for two days. The Hotel is very nice and excellent. Their staffs have excellent . Service was very nice and prompt. Hotel room is very neat and clean having very good decorations and all comforts like LCD TV and 24 hours room service. Hot and cold water 24 hours. We must appreciate the hotel boys for thier attitude and good behaviour shown to us. One day we had our dinner at the hotel room at night 12 . The food was hot and very fresh. Morning breakfast was served with many varieties including fruit juice.My wife is very fond of shopping. We did lot of shopping . This is possible only because of the hotel raunak is located in the midst of the big market and shopping place at Karol Bagh in Delhi, one of the great market place in delhi. Even at the last day we did purchase some fruits which were available very near to the hotel.This hotel is very good for stay at Delhi with resonable cost. Myself and my family members spent very nice time at Delhi nurtured and cared by Hotel raunak International , Delhi, during our stay there.My sincere thanks to Madam Pushpa bhamu of Hotel raunak International, Delhi , who had taken all care during our stay in Delhi and arranged all the tour travel package including accomodations and conveyance at all the places at a very resonable and competitive price, which is very surprising to me. She has looked for our comforts, happiness and satisfaction all through the time at all levels.Thank you madam for your great co-operation to us.With regards,B.DAS and FamilyVizag	
Oct 1 2009 	Visit to Heaven...........	I had a great time in Delhi in this hotel....which I chose after reading reviews posted earlier. I was there with my family and one more couple. The place is calm and most of the rooms have beautiful view. 5 reasons you should stay here: 1) Reasonable priced.2) Clean, value-for-money rooms3) Rooms are cleaned daily4) Nice and friendly staff5) Independent balcony with &quot;a view&quot;.6) Located in peaceful surroundings.7) The famous Birla temple is just 15 minutes walk away.8) They are nice people and make you feel “special”Best thing about the hotel was its location (not far away from mall &amp; the heart of Delhi(C.P) and loacted in peaceful environment), staff friendliness ( they arranged cab for local sight seeing and tickets of return journey as well), . Hotel Owner Mr. J.P Singh take personal interest in serving guests. And the food ( their cook really does cool job) Food was quite tasty &amp; Homely . Overall I was satisfied by the hotel and its quick services. I reccomend this hotel to anybody who is looking for a comfortable and friendly stay without paying exorbitant prices. If you are looking for a no frills, friendly hotel where you feel safe and looked after then I highly recommend it.Liked — rooms were cleaned on daily basis and great great food specially home made chapattis and nonveg cuisines. All things were just fantastic.  Disliked — nothing I selected this hotel as a top choice for Other	
Oct 1 2009 	Terrible hotel	I checked into this hotel on the recommendation of tripadvisor.However I was very dissapointed.I checked in at 11.30 am.I would expect that the hotel would be clean at the least.The room was not cleaned and was dirty.The room had a garish blue backdrop on one of its walls.The bathroom sink was broken and was leaking.We had to check out at 6.30 in the morning.This was informed to the hotel staff the previous day.Inspite of repeated requests there was no hot water in the shower.The hotel staff was rude and least helpful.	
Sep 30 2009 	A hotel with outstanding service	I go to delhi with my life partner, we stay in raunak hotel, we find there good service and friendly environment. i make good shopping in the market what is close to hotel , we were happy with hotels service and there cleanness ....................	
Sep 28 2009 	outstanding service in budget hotel	Location was good and also peaceful in the crowded city delhi, close to shopping area karol bagh. Rooms were modern and clean. Service was outstanding and the staff were coperative freindly.	
Sep 26 2009 	perfect stay in delhi	I came to Delhi in sep with our friends. We all planned to stay in Raunak Hotel, Karol Bagh. The stay was very good. All staff was great. They are very helpful. The market was nearby. We all enjoyed our stay in Raunak. The rooms are very neat and clean. The food was very delicious. Overall everything was perfect. If i got a chance than i will definately go there again	
Sep 25 2009 	Excellent trip with affordable price	It was so great experienced with Raunak Hotel, last month i stayed with my husband for three days. There i found excellent services, staff welcome us with smile. there i meet to miss pushpa bhamu who tell me about major temple and historical place in delhi like red fort, qutab minar and akshardham what i have never seen, she arrange a car for us. i have no word to express my thanks to her. really we enjoy this romantic trip.	
Sep 24 2009 	Value for money	That a place to hangout with freinds ... rooms are clean ... location is good //////// people are helpful .... facilities were fantastice ........ in true sence that was Value for money	
Sep 23 2009	i didnt expect what i got it was marvellous experience	it was excellent experience, i was little scared before i entered in &quot;raunak hotel&quot; beacause i did not have a good experience in same area with some other hotel but when i spent my half of the day i observed that staff were very cooperative and stood up with me 24 in to 7 whenever i want, food was too delecious .My friends were also shared the same experience .Furthermore i can say whenever i will get a chance surely i will take there service without any second consideration. i wish them all the best .KUNAL MAITHANI	
Sep 23 2009 	good location with excellent service	The hotel is located in a very excellent position in the center of the India's capital, within walking distance from the Karol Bagh Merto Station. Our room was good - clean and well decorated. The staff at the Home Stay were very attentive, we enjoy our 3 days in the hotel with pleasure.	
Sep 19 2009 	low price hotel	The staff was very good specially front office staff. The hotel was very good the tips is only to change your parking locatin near by the hotel. the hotel is bussiness hotel at low price and the services were very good.	
Sep 19 2009 	beautiful hotel	nice hotel with comfortable rooms, taxi service also promt.kids enjoyed the stay with the lovely staff taking care of them. they organised a small party when they came to know about my birthday.definetly stay here again.	
Sep 18 2009 	living like king	it was pleasant stay thr.. hotel was very neat n clean.. staff is always thr 4 u n ready to fulfil ur demands.. room service was quite good... aaahh!! Above all the food thy prepared was very tasty.. n hygnic tooo.... i loved dat place.. if i again got a chance to go to Karol bagh New Delhi.. i'll defintly stay thr....	
Sep 13 2009 	its was an awesome experience	hey it was great time staying at this hotel RAUNAK...the food is great ..and the service is best ...i could easily say that i gt the value for my money	
Sep 12 2009 	awesum	it was nice stayin dere....i loved d way i was treated	
Sep 1 2009 	Very good service - could be best with small improvements	Very good service by the manager and all the staff Hotel quiet , safe and near the metro stationPoints to be improved :* good infrastructure but rooms need to be refursbished sometimes* provide hot water after 10:00pm* provide taxi pick up without failure ( payed the service if not offered is not enough )	
Aug 25 2009 	it was all great	stayed with my husband and booked taj mahal tour with the hotel. they gave such less price and great service , good car, driver and good room in their agra hotel. staff was perfect and wanted nothing less then 100% customer satisfaction.my husband was happy about my selecting this hotel.	
Aug 25 2009	a nice hotel with some lovely staff	Hotel Raunak is within easy metro/ricksahw ride of all the main attractions and has comfostable basic rooms and a nice food. The staff are lovely and are very eager to help with anything you need.	
Aug 21 2009 	good business class hotel	i stayed here for india art summit in pragati maidaan. pick up was on time, room was spacious and well cleaned. location was something i dint like much. venue was easily approachable from the hotel via metro.wi-fi in room was a great relief.	
Aug 20 2009 	Good services	This is one of the best five star hotel in india, these is my second time visiting the hotel and it keeps on improving in everything. There staffs are excellent in relating to customers, the food, i really fell in love with it not to talk about the environment, well cleaned and good location. Security is the most important in business, i credit Hotel Raunak in security, free internet services for the customers, good job, keep it up.	
Aug 20 2009 	Very nice hotel with excellent services awesome food and kind and helpful staf	Very good hotel, we enjoyed it very much, the services were top notch, the hotel was very comfortable, the food was great, the place was nice, for sure one of the best hotels we stayed during our travel around India.	
Aug 18 2009 	Great place to Stay!	nice hotel, good location, clean rooms and bathroom. pick up service is prompt.food taste is also good. Good Job, keep it up!.	
Aug 15 2009 	Great Experience All Around	Great place to stay whether for business or pleasure. This hotel is very close to a large market area and a quick autorickshaw ride to everywhere else in Delhi. This hotel offers great travel packages for those who want to travel outside of Delhi to Agra or Jaipur at very good rates. The staff was friendly and helpful. Would definitely stay here again for my next stay in Delhi.	
Aug 4 2009 	Clean and very friendly	I can recommend this hotel the best.My room was clean and nicely decorated in a classic Indian style. The staff were very friendly and did everything to keep me happy.The hotel has free Wi-Fi in every room and the speed was enough for surfing newspapers with my laptop. But for YouTube and Skype I had to move up to the also free business-centre on the top floor where the speed was faster.This hotel is good value for the money.	
Aug 3 2009 	Best to choose hotel raunk	hi,Thanks for your best service to us. i like it very much.regards,Raku Verman	
Jul 19 2009 	TRUE EXAMPLE OF COMFORT WARMTH AND HOSPITALITY	An EXOTIC experince of a wonderful holiday.... Staying at Hotel Raunak was truely MEMORABLE..The hotel staff is very friendly..my child became very friendly with the hotel staff and enjoyed the most.. I was provided with a beautiful and comfortable room and the room service was very quick.. It is value for money, centrally located and its near the metro station..They have all varieties of food and had an authentic taste... My visits to Jaipur and Agra was also made easy and taken care by the tour services provided by the hotel.	
Jul 14 2009 	lovely hotel	nice clean hotel, pick was prompt and my agra-jaipur tour taken from hotel was pleasurable.	
Jul 12 2009 	best holiday ive ever had	The room is comfortable and the beds are super comfy. The service of the staff is exceptional and they go out of their way to cater to your needs. You also get a bathtub and LCD TV at a affordable price.The hotel is also well located in the heart of delhi, with all the popular destinations accessible by the Metro, which is a walk away from the hotel.	
Jul 10 2009 	Completely wonderful Stay	Hi, I am Kishan Singhania. I was looking for a hotel in Delhi. Once I found the Hotel Raunak in the website.I saw the pics and liked that very much. Than i decided to go and stay in that hotel only. When i entered in the hotel the lobby was very beautiful. And the staff of the hotel welcomed me warmly. I was so much impressed from the hosipitality. It made me very relaxing. After entering in the room i was feeling very good and comfortable. The room service is very good. Everything was just wonderful. I was thinking that i m in my own home. It such a great stay. If i got a chance than i will surely go there. And advised all my friends that just go and enjoy.	
Jul 8 2009 	stay with friends in Rounak is most important than other things	Hotel Rounak is the best areound all Indai which are having any kind facilities for day and night the waiters of Rounak are in service for full timeTher rooms for rest are leisurement the yard of Rounak hotel is interesting The value of stay there is cheapest then other hotelsshortly all facilities are avilable there	
Jul 3 2009 	best trip of my life	my room was very comfy. i like their matteress . room service too good and quick. they provide good food at reasonable price. nonveg was osum. best part for this hotel is its location . u can reach any major part of city very easily. metro station is too close. its a nice hotel with reasonable price . true value for money.	
Jul 2 2009 	nice hotel with clean envirement nd friendly staff	its a nice place to live.......i gone here for thrree days.....it has clean envirement nd nice friendly staff......nd it has nice location..for shopping nd all.....i really like a lot.....hotel staff had helped me very much to guide about delhii because i was totaaly straneg for thsi city.keep it up hotel mangaemnt and staff......	
Jul 2 2009	PERFECT HOTEL WITH AWESOME FACILITIES	hi, to all, good day,this hotel is superb mind blowing, every features and facilities are really terrific, i m very glad to see this hotel in delhi, it brings full stop in search for celebrating the any occasion with friends, family etc,,,,,,, and it brings happiness or smile on the faces of every traveller and tourist,,,,,, this seems that dreams come true,,Viom	
Jun 30 2009 	ROUNAK THE BEST	Rounak is the best hotel in new delhi with best location and for best value. rooms are so clean with clean bathrooms and with every facilties. view from top floor &quot;oh my god&quot; wonderful. hotel staff is very good and very helpfull. Food is very tasty with real taste of india. this is smart choice for smart people.	
Jun 30 2009 	Awesome Place - Awesome People	My visit to Delhi was for a hiring event for my organisation and I was put to stay in this awesome place where very good people with very high values work. This was my very best hotel stay so far. The rooms are excellent, very clean, very good services...Actual value to the money being spend. I am sure this can be one of the best hotel that anyone can find in and around Delhi....To know more i would suggest to visit once.	
Jun 29 2009 	Never Never Consider this hotel even in your dreams...	We were packed into a small car with our luggages but this was a free pick-up so we couldn't say anything.When we reached there our worst nightmare was about to begin....We went up to the room to see it first...There we saw the worst room..The bedsheet was an old and dirty one and the room was dusty.We started to say that we cannot stay in that room.They showed us another room which was equally bad.We called up our friend in Delhi and explained our situation.He told us to just leave the hotel immediately.When we went to the lobby,we explained that we can't stay in this type of place.We sitted in the lobby about half an hour waiting for our friend to come and pick us up.When we were about to leave,the receptionist asked us to pay RS 2000.We were taken aback as we stayed in the room for less than ten minutes.We just decided to ignore and leave.The receptionist called the mananger and he stopped us.He asked us to pay.We said that this is injustice.Instead the manager said that we were cheating him.The manager said that we cannot leave the place until i pay the RS 2000.The security guard blocked my friend's car from moving.WE HAD NO CHOICE BUT TO GO TO THE NEARBY RAUNAK PLAZA WHICH WAS THEIR HOTEL TOO.Luckily,the staff there were so much better and kind even though the room was just as bad.The staff understood us and made us feel comfortable.For RS 2000,THIS IS DAYLIGHT ROBBERY!!!!! IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A HOTEL,I WOULD DEFINITELY RECOMMEND YOU GINGER HOTEL AT RAIL YATRI NIWAS WHICH WAS SO MUCH INEXPENSIVE,NEWER,BETTER QUALITY AND SERVICE.THE RESTAURANT AT GINGER WAS SO CLEAN AND DELICIOUS FOOD AND THE PRICE WAS REASONABLE.SO,IF YOU ARE IN NEW DELHI,GO TO GINGER HOTEL INSTEAD OF RAUNAK HOTEL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Jun 25 2009 	EXECELLENT AND REASONABLE HOTEL..CENTRALLY LOCATED!!	very gud hotel..the owner of the hotel is friendly and helpful.i loved my stay in india and specially in this hotel as it is very clean and serves good exotic indian food..it is located centrally so my time was not wasted and i booked my trip to agra and jaipur from this hotel itself..it turned out to be reasonable and the staff here was very helpful. I thank mr. singh for making my trip memorable!	
Jun 24 2009 	nice hotel with friendly staff	had an overall positive experience staying at this hotel. even though the bathrooms could use some redecorating, the rooms themselves were tidy and clean. staff was very helpful and friendly. we booked a tour through them to agra and jaipur and it everything was arranged perfectly. located in a vibrant neighbourhood near the metro station.	
Jun 23 2009 	it was good one	i had good service in raunak hotel all employment were very intelligent and helpful.rooms were very clean ,they cleaned it every day,restaurant was good with indian spicy food , i could have many choices,the atmosphere there is relaxing and it was with good prices.	
Jun 21 2009 	Specification Of Raunak Internatinal hotel By: Farhad Hameed	India is historical Place and good for enjoyment, sightseeing and shopping. i have visited india before also but after i found raunak international hotel my coming to india and my trip is more enjoyable and easy for me. followings are positive points of the hotel1: Save and secure location.2: Near to Metro Station.3: Near to shopping centers.4: Beautiful and clean Rooms.5: Friendly Environment.6: Clean Restaurant with Delicious local and international foods.7: Highspeed Wifi Internet.8: Airport Packup and drop9: Wakeup services10: Prompt Room Service.11: Criedet Card service.12: Tour Services	
Jun 16 2009 	hotel from hell	i email contact to stay with this hotel during 6-14 June with my partners as i look from the photos from the hotel website and it's look not so bad but the first day i arrived the hotel, it was nightmare! i wish i can show you a photo but i didn't take any photo from the hotel. the hotel stay in a seriously bad environment with construction, dusty and noise pollution. when i arrive the hotel, they got only 2 guests in the hotel and when i see the room. i was shock coz the hotel is actually under renovating and it's dusty everywhere! you can put your finger on counter or floor, they never clean it. the bedsheet got stain on it and it's really dirty. teh floor never wipe with water and it's dusty everywhere. they show me another room and it's still the same. they call house keeping to clean the room and the house keeping guy wipe the floor by using his legs drag the wet towel on floor! they doesn't have the view at all. when the guy try to open the curtain for me, the whole curtain fell down! i was really upset and tired and i tell the them that i can accept this and i want to move the hotel. they charge me 1 night for RS 1,800 even i didn't stay and it's all because of they try to fake people and lie to sell dirty hotel that under renovating in constraction area. they also charge me taxi pick up from airport for RS 550 which at the front of their website said 'provide free pick up from airport' and they charge us another RS 1,000 to get our from their hotel to somewhere else! i seriously upset and speechless from this hotel. i been travel many countries and never see anything like this before. it was nightmare and disgusting. you will never ever see anything worst than this.	
Jun 12 2009 	I feel cheated	As other reviewers have said, the website photos are a lie. Our room was tiny and had no windows. I paid $55 a night for the &quot;executive room&quot; (a big discount of their published rates) and got what is worth more like $30/night in Delhi. The staff lied about our train tickets being confirmed then finally said there was no reservation possible so they could try to force us into renting their car tour to Agra. The price for local sightseeing is also apparently dependent on how much they think they can get out of you. Each staff member we asked had a different answer. Staff's English is poor. Several times during our stay there was no water and so the toilet wouldn't flush. The location of this hotel is OK, better atmosphere than Paharganj, but still lots of touts and insistent beggars.	
May 13 2009 	Great Place	I had a great time staying at this hotel. Started my travels through India with ease and I would definitely recommend this hotel to my friends!	
Apr 24 2009 	home away from home	Raunak became my home away from home. I was picked up at the airport as planned.Staff was very quick to get back to me on verifying airport pick up. I was able to store my luggage there as well so I could travel lighter. There was WIFI and a great restaurant. The staff was friendly and extremely helpful and accommodating. Very relaxed comfortable environment. Staff really extended themselves to make sure I had everything I needed. Comfortable clean beds too!	
Apr 5 2009 	A home away from home	We stayed in this hotel for 3 days. We enjoyed very much. The staff is friendly and very helpful. The manager and his team are great, always working with the intent of making our stay a very pleasant one. Very well organized. A very good place to stay. A home, away from home.	
Mar 28 2009 	The best Hotel in Delhi!! very clean  hot water. Tanks!! definitive the best !	The best Hotel in Delhi!! very clean , hot water, TV in English.The food and the service was very good!For sure if i recomended Raunak International if yoyu need excelent hote and good price, Absolutely the best hotel in Delhi !!Tanks!Adriana (Mexico)	
Mar 17 2009	Exceptional service with friendly helpful staff...good place to return	The hotel is located in Karol Bagh close to the Metro station (Rs.8 to Counaught Place, Rs.16 to Central Secretariat). The hotel is clean with friendly staff and an owner (Mr Singh) that really takes care of a personal interest in the needs of his guests. We met many fellow travellers from the USA, England, and other places in the world.For a budget hotel, the price is reasonable, the room we stayed in was clean with a shower and hot water (just let the reception know about an hour you get in the shower). The linen and towels are changed everyday when the room is cleaned. The staff are really helpful in everyway and all speak English very well (all with qualifications in Hotel Management). Karol Bagh is a good shopping location, busy day and night. We booked for 8 nights and Im glad we did. There is a McDonalds located on the main street and a Pizza hut down the same road...I would recommend Vishals (on the same road) if you cannot manage to bargain with the vendors!Tips:- Make sure you have lower denomination Rupees (Rs.10's, Rs.20's, Rs.100's) in your  purse/wallet.- If you stay longer than 3 days in the hotel, buy the five litre water (Rs.50 with a Rs.15  deposit returned to you when you return the bottle). The fridge in the hotel cools it and  often makes ice. Transfer this water into you litre water bottle...in the long run it works  out cheaper.	
Mar 14 2009	good hotel for indian standard	According to the price we paid, the hotel was very good. At first, we booked a room in raunak plaza, which was near a construction site and very noise. The hotel manager offered us a new room at the raunak international hotel 2 streets further. The room was very nice, not small and clean. The hotel stuff was friendly and especially the managers assistant helped us a lot with booking travelling plans, shopping and other useful hints.The area is close to the center, with a metro station and lots of shops nearby. It doesn't look like areas in western cities, but it is a good place to stay in delhi	
Mar 9 2009 	The ideal place to relax after the journey.	We felt like at home threre. The owner is very friendly and hospitable. We were pleseantly surprised when he offered us showers and a place to rest before going to the airoport ( we checked out few hours ago!). The hotel is located in a lively neighbourhood with a lot of good restaurants, markets and all a backpacker needs. The hotel has got the Internet hot spot!	
Feb 5 2009 	Good place to stay	We stayed in this hotel for two days and this place is werth for the amount u paid. clean place, with all 3 star aminities. the food they served also good . the staff is friendly. nice place to stay, if we are going to delhi again we will definitely stay in this. GOOD PLACE.	
Feb 3 2009 	Avoid this hotel.	The pictures you see on the web are misleading. They appear to be doctored by a computer. They failed to pick me up at the airport leaving me stranded after midnight. When I called them they claimed &quot;the car broke down on the way&quot;, which was a lie. The staff spoke very bad English and had great difficulty understanding me. Hot water was only available for a few hours in the morning and had to be requested (if they can understand you) at other times. Most of the electrical outlets in my room did not work. Their solution was to bring me a powerstrip to plug into the one working outlet. The exhaust fan didnt work in the bathroom and the armoire smelled of mold. There is no hotel safe, you must trust the staff with you valuables. The staff demands tips and will inflate the price. There is no true money exchange at the hotel. They were unable to make change for small bills. I couldn't get them to call me a taxi, instead they offered their &quot;hotel taxi&quot; for double the price of an ordinary taxi. I had to go walking and find a taxi on the street. The hotel is located in a dirty alley. Even the taxi drivers have trouble finding it. The area is full of beggars and touts. This is not a 3 star hotel.	
Nov 26 2009 	El trato lo peor		
Oct 25 2009 	décue		
Oct 7 2009 	Super geweldig		
Apr 14 2009 	Excelente hotel con excelentes servicios		
Mar 5 2009 	médaille d'or de la saleté		
