Nov 25 2009	Lovely Place	The hotel is amazing n i m impressed by d management of staff..Food quality is too good..the hotel is well built n neat &amp; clean place to hang out and for function purposes also	
Jul 29 2009 	Lovely hotel great service though not centrally located	I stayed here for 4 nights with my family. The rooms are big and clean. The service is absolutely fantastic. One morning we left very early to travel to Agra and the staff made sure there was breakfast available (even though the kitchen was meant to be open yet). We ordered room service one evening and the food was with us after 10 minutes and was delicious!The buffet breakfast was included. It was pretty good - selection of hot and cold dishes, Indian and Western. Also, they russle up a great masala omlette!I didn't use it but there is a decent looking outdoor swimming pool.On the down-side: not much of a business centre (1 computer and a fax/printer!) and not centrally located.	
Apr 4 2009 	Pretty Good	Stayed here for the final 4 nights of my Delhi trip. The Modern hotel is a good distance out of the city but the Metro link nearby is good. The rooms were very nice. No problem with the mentioned pigeons, room on 7th floor overlooking the park. The Cafe 24 restaurant was quite good and I found the breakfast very satisfactory. The Bar was quiet and nice for a quiet drink in the evening. There was not a lot to dislike bar the overpriced Internet Access which was also very unreliable. The area around the Hotel is not great with some very poor dwellings situated close by. Saying this there was no feeling of danger while walking the area.	
Nov 13 2008 	Never Again	In the middle of nowhere. 45mins into delhi town, just feels like a lifetime with the taxi drivers.American breakfast!!!!!!! Have I got it wrong, do Americans now have curry and ommlette for breakfast.?As I was there on business I required internet access, this was unavailable for 2 days and when it was available I learnt that the whole of the hotel has only purchased around 9 hours for a 15 day period! I was aware that internet was chargable so was surprised to learn that the maximum logon was 43mins.Swimming pool was unavailable.Restaurants consist of 1 with 2 menus, food was not greatBar area was so dimly lit it was like sitting in a mine with no atmosphere.Staff not very helpfull.Expensive in comparison to many others in better positions.Left a day early, I would not recommend this hotel and if my PA was not my wife I would sack her	
Oct 31 2008 	Great Place To Stay	The place is lovely, the staf are great and the food fantastic but expensive.The only other issue was the expensive internet connection	
Oct 9 2008 	Peaceful haven in Delhi!	City Park is a modern 7-storey hotel on the northern edge of Delhi. To get the negative out the way first, it is a bit isolated, but it is easy to order a tuctuc or taxi. However, as the name suggests, there is a park opposite, so views from many rooms are quite relaxing, which counts for a lot in somewhere as manic as Delhi, and of course that also reduces the street noise. And it is easily accessible by the main routes in and around Delhi. This hotel is easily up to 4* European standards, close to 5*. Rooms are very large, the beds soft, the aircon quiet, the bathrooms well equipped and clean. Welcome cake, water and fruit a nice touch, particularly after a long flight or drive. The Chilli restaurant food was really very good, plentiful and reasonably priced at about £3-4 for a main dish, but the beer very pricey, £3/bottle, 50% more than most restaurant prices, and the service we received was a bit slow and staff seemed completely thrown because we changed the number of people on our reservation. There's a pool in summer, which is welcome. The extensive banquetting facilities also give an indication of the hotole's quality. Great for a stopover or a few days.	
Jul 20 2008 	Poor Location But Clean	Clean rooms, seemed far from the city, decent breakfast and good gym (for India). Basic business hotel. We stayed there 3 times over 3 weeks and each time the Internet was down which was pretty annoying.	
May 1 2008	Sleepless night	We stayed for one night at this hotel on the first leg of the Golden Triangle tour, therefore this hotel was booked for us by our tour operator.Much to our disappointment, the hotel was a good 1.5 to 2 hours drive from the centre of Delhi. Some members of our Group had previously arranged to eat out in Delhi, but this would not have been possible. There was nothing much to do in the vicinity of the hotel.We ate in the hotel restaurant. The food was very nice, though terribly expensive even by London standards.The biggest problem we had was that of sleep (or lack of). After travelling for around 36 hours and with only a few hours sleep on the plane, we were hoping for a good night's sleep here.During the night, my wife and I thought someone was on the balcony trying to break in, until we discovered that around 10 to 15 pigeons were sitting on the balcony banging against the bedroom window.A bigger nuisance, however, was that a wedding was taking place at the hotel that night and at around 11pm they congregated in the car park below our balcony. They played drums and trumpets loudly until 2.30am. At midnight I called reception asking to change room, but my request was denied (only to find out in the morning that other guests had moved rooms during the night).The following morning we complained to the staff at reception who were totally disinterested in what I had to say. They offered to change our room.....even though we were in the process of checking out!Breakfast might have been good, but I was in such a grumpy mood that I couldn't possibly comment on it objectively! The butter was rock solid and was unspreadable- that's about as much as I remember.I would not stay there again.	
Apr 29 2008 	pleasant hotel in dubious area	We stayed in this hotel twice, one night at the start of our tour, and then again just before we were due to fly out of Delhi. On our first visit we were put into rooms on a lower floor, and the pigeon problem others have mentioned wasn't too obvious. However on our final night we were roomed on the 7th floor and they were a thorough nuisance - flying into the windows, and constantly moving around during the night. The area around the hotel is not one that you would feel safe exploring, though lots of people seemed to be socialising quite happily in the park across the road. The hotel is so far out of the city centre that it is difficult to use as a base for your own sightseeing. We got a map from reception and realised that we were almost off the map of central Delhi. Like us, most of the guests seemed to be on tours and they only stay here briefly. A previous poster has mentioned dirty carpets - I think we must have stayed in the room after them as our carpets had obviously just been washed and were still a little damp. However - there are lots of pluses for this hotel. We found the staff pleasant and trying hard to be helpful. They did get overwhelmed at checkout time, as all guests are being picked up together. The staff in the bar were really nice, though we found the drinks pricey on Indian standards. The coffee shop downstairs was a pleasant place for breakfast, plenty of choice, though we didn't discover that eggs would be cooked to order on our first visit - just ask and the chef will appear. We enjoyed our stay at this hotel - as long as you are using it as a brief base you will find it quite adequate for you needs.	
Apr 19 2008	Depressing setting	This was part of the Golden Triangle Trip (so Hotels booked for us)&amp; we had stayed at The Oberoi Maidens, Delhi for 3 nights at the beginning (which was excellent) so this Hotel was depressing, by comparison-even though the food was fine.There was nowhere to walk to -the Cinema &quot;complex&quot;next door was bleak &amp; semi derelict. There is a slum just next to it (with, we were told, Bangladesh refugees) with sludge/sewage/junk on the pavement - so it seems a bit spoilt of us to complain about the Hotel-neverthelessthe carpet in the bedroom was covered in stains. It also felt a bit malevolant outside-as men were being sleazy (to me-a female even tho walking with my husband in daylight) &amp; it was very noisy at night with shouting/car alarms &amp; pigeons/dogs (as others have said)..A highlight was an Extreme Sport chipmunk which sky-dived down from the roof of the Hotel Tower block &amp; swam across the swimming pool!	
Jan 22 2008	Rude Unfriendly Staff Bad Breakfast Annoying Pigeons on Balcony	The tour company (Hi-Tours) put us in this hotel for two nights. We had stayed at another budget hotel in Delhi on our own where we had a good experience (Silver Ferns). The City Park is totally remote, far from anything and the former mall next door is empty except for a cookie store and an optical shop. We did not feel safe when we walked in the neighborhood. Our room overlooked a rubble filled parking lot behind the mall, and the balcony was full of loud pigeons cooing and pooping everywhere. Dogs barked tor hours in the night. The staff was rude and inefficient. I waited in line for 15 minutes to pay my bill on leaving because the person in front of me had questions about her bill. Six employees devoted all of their time to her and totally ignored me except to tell me to &quot;have a seat.&quot; The breakfast was tourist oriented and the service was slow. The room was adequate but I can't recommend this place for anyone.	
Dec 28 2007 	Great for a brief stopover	This hotel was arranged for us as part of a tour so we didn't have any choice in where we stayed, but we weren't disappointed. We arrived in the evening, having spent most of the day travelling up from Goa, and the day had been a bit fraught due to delayed flights and the possibility of missing our connection (which we didn't, thanks to tremendous efficiency by Kingfisher Airlines staff). The hotel was clean, comfortable and had the best bed out of the 5 hotels we stayed in during our 2 week trip.Because we arrived quite late, we didn't bother to go out but just had a few drinks and a snack in the hotel bar. Food and drinks were okay.On the down side, there were pigeons on the railings outside our window and we were woken up at 4 am by what sounded like tap dancing - it was the pigeons being restless. The swimming pool looked nice although the water was a bit cloudy. Some people might also be put off by the fact that the pigeons were also sitting along the edge, having a bath in the water!Breakfast was good, although for a country known for its tea, I wasn't impressed - far too weak and wishy washy!The one problem we encountered was a small visitor in our room. I saw something scuttling along the floor and thought it was an insect. My husband saw it and realised it was a small mouse - on the 7th floor! The hotel staff were amazed when we reported this but hopefully, they dealt with it as soon as we checked out.	
Dec 10 2007	Lovely Hoetl	We stayed at City park as part of a tour around india. I have no idea how much it costs but it terms of decor and space it was brilliant. The rooms were big with all modern ammenities. It is quite far from the very centre of delhi but you get taxi's everywhere anyway. The manager was very friendly and made sure we had a good time. Just be aware that everyone wants a tip, just say thank you and close the door. Nice hotel.	
Dec 6 2007	Nice hotel to stay in and to get a great exp.	A 4 star hotel having all the 5star facilities and amenities at a great price,will love to stay here again on my next visit to delhi, staff was very friendly and helpful the environment with in a hotel was gud,and food was excellent specially yellow chilli......an indian restaurant......	
Jan 24 2007 	I recommend City Park	I was booked at the Jaypee Siddarth; however, despite having a confirmed reservation, I was rebooked at the City Park Hotel. I am glad. While it is not the most centrally located, the rooms are clean and the customer service is exceptional. I will definitely stay here again and the prices are reasonable - a rarety in India where hotel prices are unreal.	
Jan 11 2007 	Lovely to look but beware.....	We found ourselves at the City Park for one night in between internal flights in India. Hotel space in Delhi is at a premium so we were glad to get a central(ish) room in a supposedly good four star hotel. We were pleasantly surprised upon arrival as the lobby and surrounding areas looked welcoming, spacious and well laid out. The staff at check in were cordial rather than friendly. Our departure next morning was early and we had to be at the airport for around 6.00 a.m. so the car was coming to pick us up at 5.00.We had our young daughter with us and didn't want her to travel on an empty stomach so we made arrangements for a small breakfast before we left. We were assured it would be there. Their full breakfast, which we had paid for doesn't start till after 6.30. When we arrived downstairs the following morning the cafe was shut and the manager wanted to charge us for providing a sandwich from room service to take with us. All they would provide was a cup of tea or coffee and toast and bits of fruit There was no flight information which a lot of hotels (4 star and upwards have). In short no one cared.So I would say looks can be deceptive and if you don't want to be done - avoid this hotel. This is a 4 star hotel with 0 star customer care standards.	
Oct 20 2006 	pleasant oasis in the suberbs	A little way out of the city centre and set amid tumble down houses and shops, this hotel is an adequate stop over. It has two restaraunts and a spa. (the aruvedic massages are cheaper then in Kerala with a one hour massage for 600 inr plus tax). The hotel derives its name from a city park directly opposite which provides a pleasant area to walk without the hassle of New Delhi streets. Unfortunately open public urinals line the side of the street and the smell can be over powering on a hot day. Rooms are well appointed and the beds are comfortable.	
Apr 13 2006	Great Hotel - Far Away	This is an excellent hotel. The front desk staff were very good, the food was good (breakfast was fair, but the dinners were excellent), and the room was clean. Laundry service was prompt and very good as well. It is just not in a very good location. It is very far from the main part of the city - it took me 1-1/2 hours from the airport, 1-1/2 hours to meet a friend at the Crowne Plaza Hotel, and 1-1/2 hours to the Baha'i Temple. I spent a lot of time in a car on the crazy roads of Delhi. There is wireless Internet access in the rooms, but its is very slow, and I had to sit near the door to get a signal.	
Mar 18 2006	Too Far from the Main Delhi Attractions Expensive	If you are looking to do some sight seeing in Delhi, do not stay here, its in one end of Delhi (extreme North) far from the main attractions and you will get far better services and grandness with hotels in South/Central part of Delhi at lesser or comparable price. Its lobby and public areas are far smaller than most other 5 stars in Delhi and is located on a relatively smaller street in front. The distance of Delhi's main attractions like Lodhi Gardens, India Gate, Bahai Temple, Old Fort is atleast 20Kms from here and you can end up spending a 1-2 hours to travel in peak hours (one way). The only place which is closeby (relatively only) is some of the Old Delhi attractions about 12-15Kms from this place but then its the same from the hotels in Central/South Delhi as well. There is absolutely no attraction around this hotel.This hotel also has mind boggling banquet business where marriages/family functions are organized making it a nuisance for the residents because of the noise and people which frequent in 100s all on a single day. It has atleast 3-4 banquets halls.This hotel is located in a North Delhi residential area while most of Delhi's other good hotels are located in posh south delhi localities.	
Jan 3 2006	city park	we stayed here as the 1st night of our golden triangle tour. it wasthe best of the 3 hotels we stayed at - very clean, good rooms, and good service. the breakfast was not so good but we got much more than we expected.it was overall excellentand i will definitely sty here again on my next visit to delhi	
Dec 28 2005	A sound hotel with an excellent restaurant	We stayed in 5 hotels whilst in India and this was one of the best. It is very much a hotel catering for the business traveller, however, if you want to get into the centre of Delhi it will take around an hour due to the shear volume of traffic.The rooms are clean, are well decorated and a good size. The restaurant was excellent and probably one of the best we ate at in India!!There is also the usual facilities at the hotel, Gym, swimming pool, 24hr room service etc.A previous review of the hotel commented on &quot;tipping&quot; and staff holding out their cupped hands. We didnt experience this at this hotel, however, it is a very common trait in India.No real complaints about the hotel.	
Oct 22 2005	Do not pay to sufffer - Never Again	We were on a World trip in April through to June 2006. We saw this Hotel rated as a 5 star and recommended by all major airlines. Whilst in the Hotel, we were advised NOT to drink the water, let water when showering enter your mouth, eat washed fruit or any salads. Strange for a 5 star which should have had water purification.All staff were atttentive but held out their hands to make their wages, not tips. Other people we met in the Hotel had the same experience. All staff were underpaid yet room rates were from US$200 per night. One would bring 1 towel, get a tip and return with a helper and another towel and want more money for his return PLUS his mate. Then flowers, then soap, then more bottled water at US$4 per bottle. We met several others with the same experience and they paid more than us.Tthe owners ate in the restaurant and when they did, all staff left us and other guests and served he owners who did not care. I saw the owner's wife order six drinks in succession as she just changed her mind, sent the untouched drinks away and was so rude to the staff I could not but interupt and tell her off. She said we could leave the Hotel if we did not like it. How rude! as she was just so disgusting and I have not seen animalss treated the way she treated her staff.Everything organised from the Hotel was upwards of 5 times the price of anywhere else. they were renovating with jackhammers from 6am up to 10pm every night and regardless of complaints, ignored us and other guests who were lined up to complain.I felt sorry for the staff who tried so hard, but the management despised their guests, and their staff.I wrote to this Hotel and the Airlines who recommended it because I want to make sure others do not pay to suffer. Not even a reply.Never again!Marcus	
Sep 28 2006 	Ottimo e bellissimo		
