May 25 2009	Not as bad as it sounds	I stayed at the Rockland Inn for 2 nights in 2006. Seeing the reviews of some people though really surprise me, it wasn't THAT bad. I mean, in Indian standards, it was a decent hotel. Not the cleanest, there was a bathtub, but hot water doesnt last long. I stayed in an executive suite, and I mean for the money, it was a pretty bad deal, but overall I didn't see any bugs or dirt and it was pretty clean. The noise btw didnt bother me too much, i dont think i noticed it until some of you mentioned. I recommend the restaurant beside the hotel to the right? Sorry lol i forgot the name. Also girls, i wouldnt recommend walking alone.	
May 3 2009 	Not my preference	Not my preference !!!Not a place to stay if you need a quiet sleep, the Hotel is located right next to a major road, the uninsulated wall typical in india certainly don't help either, worst of all, during my stay, I was woken up a few times by the telephone ringing from the room services desk, which situated right outside my room door. If you happen to get a room on the road side (major road - outer ring road) it'll be noisy so bring the ear plugs. Construction noise and music started at 7am and continued through 7pm...The room look rather old and not very clean, bed is hard and short, if you are more than 180cm, you need to sleep daigonally.I change the hotel after one night of stay (not sleep, as the constant noise from the traffic and the telephone just keep woken me up), and I would not recommand this hotel to any one.	
Feb 4 2009 	Pleasantly surprised	I had read another review of the Rockland Inn before travelling and was apprehensive - I was therefore pleasantly surprised to find a hotel that bore no resemblance to the place described in that review. So this is to set the record straight. The room was stylishly furnished with an en-suite bathroom that was shining and spotless. The bed was very comfortable with crisp white bedding. Two windows gave out on to a busy road but the sound insulation was effective at keeping the noise out. A brand new TV had BBC World Service and CNN, along with dozens of Indian channels. The air conditioning and fan worked but were not necessary as Delhi in January is like Spring or Autumn in the UK. The lobby was also spacious, spotless and calm, and staff were unfailingly efficient and pleasant. The restaurant was fine too with a buffet selection of tasty Indian dishes for dinner, and a similar choice for breakfast (including porridge.)The only thing I could have done with was some decent coffee - it was pretty much like other coffees I had in Delhi, but an espresso machine would be a good investment in catering for European guests.	
Oct 26 2007 	Terrible place avoid at all cost	Rockland Inn was definitely the most terrible place on my trip to India. I stayed there at the end of my journey, so I could compare the hotels.The place is not just dirty, it is DIRTY even by Indian standards: Dirty toilet, dirty linen, dirty towels.Furthermore, the hotel is located direct on a major highway, so the rooms facing the highway are terribly noisy. As I was aware of that, I asked for a room at the back side. This did not help at all: the ventilation system of the hotel is so noisy that I could not sleep without earplugs.That's not what you want in the night, do you?Although they promise &quot;24h running hot water&quot; on the web, it's simply not true: they have an electric boiler in every room with the capacity of at most 5 minutes of hot shower.Unfortunately, my room was payed in advance, otherwise I would not have stayed in such a DIRTY place for more than 5 minutes.AVOID!	
