Sep 20 2009 	Comfortable hotel to stay in Central Delhi	The Florence Delhi is a small chain of moderately priced, small and friendly hotels. The staff worked very hard to please. The hotel was clean and comfortable, certainly a 3+ star.This hotel was very clean and comfotable, the folks were very friendly and helpful with all of our needs. The street is quite busy and it isn’t close to the airport, but we wanted a clean and cool hotel and this was perfect. The dining room/restaurant remains open until very late and the food is great. Food was good, both western and Indian . They were happy to please. It is a relatively quite neighborhood in the WEA area, with a quiet stroll in a residenital area and small park near by.	
Sep 20 2009 	Truly a nice hotel	Hotel Florence is truly a nice hotel to be in especially when you want a reasonable or mid range hotel.This time I was here with my family and I needed few extra facilities like airport pick up.I felt really happy when the staff told me that we provide picks up facility to our guest @ reasonable price.They received us at the airport and we were in hotel within 35 minutes.We were provided a beautiful room with a comfortable bed.Room services were also round the clock and I felt that all the staff members have very jolly and friendly nature.We appreciate the services of the hotel at such reasonable rates. Over all the staff was very help full and i am glad that i stayed here. Good job keep it up	
Sep 8 2009 	Better pay more but stay at ****	The place shown on the map has nothing in common with real location of the hotel and thus it was one of the reasons I had chosen Florence, I was very disappointed. The breakfast on the first day of our stay consisted of scrambled eggs and toasts with jam though we expected buffet. We were told that only 4 rooms are occupied, so there is no reason to cook for a buffet, and when we asked for at least some vegetables, we were offered to pay additionally. And there was no hot water when we arrived at 11 o'clock at night. The rooms faced a street, so it was too noisy. Then we wanted to change the period of our stay at Florence, but staff could not help us at all saying we should do it at local Indian travel agency though we not able to connect it. The only good thing about the hotel is a building itself, nice and clean, but it is not a sufficient reason to stay at Florence again.	
May 30 2009 	Excellent hotel in Budget Class	The Hotel Florence is a comfortable place in &quot;Budget&quot; style, conveniently located close to Delhi’s most famous shopping hub called Karol bagh, in fact every shopping location was near to the Hotel.Actually we were on a shopping tour to delhi so it suited us the best. The hotel facilities and rooms are of excellent quality.We had booked Deluxe Rooms through www.resavenue.com but got upgraded to higher category after speaking to the Hotel General Manager.We enjoyed our seven days tour.The Pre arranged air conditioned coach for Airport pickup, Sightseeing Tour &amp; Agra Tour booked by the Hotel Manger was very comfortable &amp; luxurious. The trip to Taj Mahal was a memorable one.Room &amp; Toilet - Spic n span, clean at the corners, pleasant colors, clean n comfortable bed, clean linen and towels, well stocked mini fridge.Staff-Extremely friendly, cooperative and supportive. Restaurant &amp; Room service was very prompt &amp; food was very deliciousBut overall the Hotel Florence proved a welcome oasis every evening after the hustle of Delhi. Knowing the city better now we would probably not go back and try to find a slightly cheaper hotel with more character, but for a first-timer with some money to spare, this is a good choice	
May 15 2009 	Best Value for Money	Florence is situated in the busy areas of Karol Bagh. Florence wins hands down in value for money. Mentioned below are why I recommend Florence1) Ideally Located2) Very Very Very Clean3) Good Service4) Bang in Middle of the shopping areas5) Good Food in Florence as well as the locality around6) Good Rates Only Drawback : Repetitive Breakfast , the same everyday. :)Go for it.	
Jan 26 2009 	ok hotel but a bit antiquated and not exactly cheap...	We stayed at Hotel Florence just the final night before flying back home after 2 weeks of travelling around Rajasthan. The hotel was clean and the staff very friendly, but the whole décor was rather old and stuffy…Delhi overall is very expensive compared to the rest of India, so the double room at Rs3000 was probably not bad for Delhi standards, but an absolute rip-off compared to what you could get in other places for that kind of money.Our room rate included a Welcome Drink (a glass of super-sweet Coke…could have done without that) and breakfast.Breakfast buffet was ok – not very big and “very Indian”, but ultimately you could also get non-spicy food if you asked for it.	
Dec 17 2008 	Excellent hotel in good location	Hotel Florence provides precisely what you would expect from a Budget hotel in the category: Good accommodation and absolutely first-rate service.The rooms are small, but well appointed and well maintained, with Mini Bars and excellent restaurant on the top floor.In a city where quality and price do not always carry the relationship that one would anticipate, the Hotel Florence is a very safe choice.	
Jun 13 2008	Big Mistake!	Staying in this hotel was a big mistake. Next time, I will do my research on tripadvisor and stay somewhere much nicer. I would NOT recommend this place to anyone.SUBPAR ROOM: The room and bathroom were of decent size and cleanliness. But upon entering, we noticed a musky and unpleasant smell. We paid a little more for a &quot;deluxe&quot; room with a window, but the view was horrifying - there were hundreds of tiny beetle-like bugs crawling around outside on the other side of the window. In fact, a couple of these critters actually made their way into the room (not sure how as the windows seemed to be sealed). There was also an inconsistent supply of hot water. One of us got hot water at night but the other was forced to take a cold bucket shower the next morning.UNDESIRABLE LOCATION: The surrounding neighborhood is run down and far from the colorful marketplace I expected. Definitely not a nice area.POOR SERVICE: I couldn't find information about internet availability in the guestbook, so I called the front desk and asked. They told me that there was internet available on the 4th floor where breakfast was served. I specifically asked if the internet was free and the front desk confirmed that it was. While I was using the internet, I heard a lot of yelling in the kitchen next door. A man walked in from the kitchen (I assumed he was the boss because he could speak english whereas the rest of the staff spoke little, if any, english) and he proceeded to tell me that I needed to pay for the internet in a very unpleasant and brusque tone. I politely explained that I was told internet was free, but he dismissed my claim and demanded to be paid. I didn't want to upset him any more than he already was (I'm pretty sure he was the one doing most of the angry yelling in the kitchen) and it wasn't that much money, so I just paid him and left.	
Apr 7 2008	Did not like it very much	This place is okay, it is clean and the staff tries to be helpful. We were still quite disappointed, because the place is anything but cheap for Indian standards. Most of all, its location, Karol Bagh, is inconveniently located and an unattractive neighbourhood. It is both far from the train stations and Delhi's tourist spots. During night time it looks like a slum.We got one of the quieter rooms, which are located in the core of the building. These rooms though have no window or only one leaing to a tiny, dark light shaft. Our room was quite small, the ones to the road side are much more spacious, but the traffic din there is unbearable, if you sleep longer than until dawn. The cleaning staff makes matters even worse when they start to roam the place in a most noisy manner from 6am on. It seems that it takes all day to clean one floor and they will not stop shouting and throwing things on the floor!	
Mar 23 2008 	Take it From a Solo Female Traveler	The deluxe room, where I stayed for two nights, was a bit small but not cramped. It was passably clean but the smell of moth balls that were placed in different parts of the room was an assault to the senses. What I liked most was, as a solo traveler, I felt safe here. I also appreciated that they immediately replied to my email asking about room availability and then reservation. Well, it also helped that I also gave them a call. Ditto for giving referrals for package tours by local travel agencies.	
