	Expensive for what it is	I am not sure if it is worth to stay into this hotel. I think it is too expensive for what it is.PROSLocationCONSThey ripped us off with the taxi cost coming from the airport, use the prepaid taxi when you arrive at the airport.Not really cleanNoisyForget about the restaurant	
	Whole area - Under construction	I don't know if it is the looming commonwealth games but the whole area around this hotel is 'under construction', which made getting to it (and even finding it) quite difficult, it also didn't feel very safe at night. Hotel staff were helpful, rooms were dodgy (run down and dusty) well overpriced, basically your paying for the city location.	
Sep 25 2009 	Economical no frills hotel right on Connaught Place.	It was a clean and economically priced hotel right on Connaught Place. Surprisingly quiet seeing as how we had a room next to the circle. Nothing fancy but great as a centrally located place as we came back through Delhi for one night on our way home.	
Aug 31 2009 	It's somewhere to get your head down...	Hotel 55 is an adequate hotel with a 70's styled interior which is quite in need of an update. It is centrally located in Connaught Place and thus convenient for exploring. Our double room was cool and for a pleasant change there was no requirement for AC of the fan on during the night. Bedding was musty but clean and the decor is average. Shower was hot and towels provided. Staff were friendly and helpful.This is not a luxurious hotel and should not be regarded as anything other than a convenient centrally located overpriced hostel. It is absolutely a 1* (at best) and guests should not expect something modern or luxurious.	
Jul 25 2009 	Adequate and comfortable good service	Hotel 55 is an excellent option to stay when exploring Delhi.Rooms are clean, staff are friendly, good airport pick up.Be aware of unscrupulous travel agents that roam around and in the hotel.	
Mar 1 2009 	Ticks most of the boxes for budget accommodation in Delhi	I have been staying at the &quot;55&quot; for nearly twenty years, on a fairly regular basis, and do not recognise some of the negative reviews which have been posted regarding it. No, it's not a luxury hotel (it doesn't claim to be), nor does it have a sumptuous dining room or gorgeous bathrooms. What it does have is friendly and unfailingly helpful management and staff, comfortable and clean rooms, and in the very heart of New Delhi (superbly located for the railway station by the way). The tariff is not bargain basement (but then what is cheap in Delhi nowadays?), but given its plus points I wouldn't stay anywhere else (although I would avoid the front rooms, which tend to be a little noisy!)	
Dec 7 2008 	one star only	Stayed about three nights; safety and courtesy was not an issue for us (we were an all female entourage); staff was nice and helpful; my emails were always promptly replied to. This is a one-star hotel, described as mid-range by Lonely Planet and in some other sources as a three star--but its not. Hotels in Delhi are expensive, which may explain the cost of this place. But for a thousand more rupees ($20), you can get nicer rooms that are a welcome respite from the craziness that travel in India can be. Rooms are small, bathrooms are purely functional but grotty and inconsistent, of our three rooms, only one shower actually worked; only one provided hot water. To be fair, we did not complain but only because we did not expect the problem to be solved within the time we had. There was no internet access from what I could see.For backpackers looking for a great deal, this is not it. For travelers who want just a touch more amenities or if you are staying more than a night, I'd look elsewhere.	
Oct 28 2008	hi ther im nshat from iraq	thes hotel it is Very good and Comfortable and Good service and The most important thing in Central City I stayed three days in it	
Oct 22 2008 	Hotel 55 inexpensive and safe.	I had a nice stay at Hotel 55. Before one books here, they need to set their expectations. This is a one star hotel with 15 rooms. I stayed here for three weeks. I have never been waited on hand and foot like I was at Hotel 55. You have to take advantage of their hospitality. The breakfast menu was a bit limited, but the food was very good. I commonly would tell the manager I wanted some food not on the menu and it would appear about twenty minutes later. They will send someone to one of the local restaurants to get what ever you desired.The rooms and bathrooms are clean. They are simple and the fixtures are about 30 years old, but considering how horrid an Indian public bathroom can smell, there was nothing wrong with Hotel 55's bathrooms. They did not smell at all. They always had hot water. I would not recommend drinking the hotel's tap water, but they provide bottled mineral water.I never saw any bugs in my room, however on the terrace there were some small leafhoppers. These seem to be every where in Delhi. I really enjoyed the terrace, however I wish they had turned the lights off at night, so the leafhoppers were not as bad. The terrace is pretty, with potted plants and stucco walls. Its kind of amusing, the furniture on the terrace is plastic. My friends and I spent many nights enjoying that terrace.The staff was very trustworthy. That is important in a city that likes to hustle the tourists. I accidentally left my door open a few times and no one ever entered. The manager is Mohan, he was helpful arranging my travel to Jaipur and finding drivers for travel in Delhi. If you ask nicely, they might let you use their office computer for internet, otherwise, there is no wireless or ethernet.There are some things that I think were funny, but some would find a bit odd. Remember, this is India, if you are traveling here you should immerse yourself in their culture. There were two staff members who sometimes slept in the hall at night. They were very nice, gentle hearted men, and I was told that they were there to serve the clients who may be arriving very late at night. On busy nights, they did not have enough room to accommodate all of their staff members. I got used to it. If you need something, just tell them and it will be in your hand within 30 seconds. There are some rooms without windows, which seem to be quieter, the Delhi traffic is loud. I think the first floor is a bit quieter.You have to get used to having people do everything for you. You will never carry a bag, and the chi tea flows like water. I met many interesting European travelers here. Many females stayed at the hotel while I was here and they said they felt very safe.The hotel is in Connaught place. If it your first time to Delhi, you may want to avoid walking around Connaught at first, until you become more saavy at dealing with the people of the street. The hotel provided us with a car right as we walked out of the door, and took us to some nice peaceful places in Delhi.	
Sep 14 2008 	Worst hotel in Delhi!!!	This is probably the worst hotel that I've resided in New Delhi. I still remember opening the wardrobe and a flurry of mosquitoes burst out; It was horrifying. I requested the hotel staff to atleast spray some insect repellant but it fell on deaf years. The rooms were terrible and moldy. Avoid like the plague!	
Apr 29 2008	Worst hotel ever	This hotel has GOT to be the most squalid and disgusting place i've ever seen (and i've stayed in some dives). Words cannot describe how repulsive this place really is. We stayed in Delhi for 2 nights and heard about hotel 55 from the lonely planet. The hotel website is incredibly misleading and claims to be 3 star, when I would question how it was ever classified as a 1 star. In line with other reviews, the driver never arrived at the airport although the manager was adament that he was still waiting for us once we had arrived at the hotel. They gave us a filthy, small and stinking room at the front of the hotel overlooking the road. After complaining about the noise, they moved us to the 2nd floor at the rear of the hotel. This room was also filthy and looked like a prison cell. The bathroom was full of mould, grime and limscale and the bedding was filthy. The hotel staff were lounging around drinking. Cutlery and soiled linen was strewn in the corridors and remained there the 2 nights we were there. The roof terrace (if you can call it that) is big enough for 3 plastic chairs, which were also covered in black grime and mould. Thankfully, the 1 full day we spent at the hotel was taken on a day trip to Agra. On our return (which we were dreading), the room had not even been touched since we left at 5am. I felt really unsafe, especially since there appeared to be only one entrance (the hotel is situated up 2 flights of stairs above a shop) and no fire exits. The manager was very quick to mention that the lonely planet had the star rating wrong ( they accurately classify it as a 1 star, whereas the website says its a 3 star). He told us he always recommends his website as the information in the lonely planet is wrong. Frankly, it ruined our experience of Delhi and I wish I had photos to add to my review to show how disgusting and squalid the place really is.	
Mar 26 2008	okay	If you are expecting any kind of luxury you will be disappointed (hotel website in this case is perhaps a bit misleading), but if you want reasonably priced (in terms of its excellent location) basic accomodation than you can't go wrong. Staff were fairly helpful. All in all I was quite satisfied with what I got for my money. Could have paid less and stayed further out from the centre, but enjoyed waking up and having everything on my doorstep, seeing as it was a short stay. Though with the advent of the Metro this location advantage may become less pronounced as it takes 10-15 minutes to travel in from cheaper location.	
Jan 8 2008	Wildly overpriced	After we were stood up at the airport by Hotel Blue (just as well they didn't turn up by the look of it from the outside) we had to wander round Connaught Place in the dark looking for a hotel. Hotel 55 was the cheapest we could find but 3000rp (about $80) for this dump was a complete rip off. We only stayed there because it was too late to be lugging our backpacks around. OK sized room, dirty bathroom, fantastically noisy both from outside and in. Anywhere else in India you'd pay about 500rp for this standard.	
Oct 23 2007 	the absolute worst	If you enjoy staying in a windowless, grotty and filthy room smelling of gasoline, with the noise of about 10 indian guys yelling their head off until the early hours in front of your door (next to the reception), go on and book this hotel. And the guy at the reception works together with some other locals that hang around in the 'lobby' who try to scam you every way possible (they did the whole phoning-the-airline-to-reconfirm-a-flight-and-discovering-there-is-no-reservation charade, selling ridiculously expensive 'tours' that are crap, and every other scam they think you might fall for...). This is absolutely the worst place i have stayed in while in India!	
Apr 3 2007 	utter dump	our hearts sank when we walked into our bedroom. it was a complete dump with a rubbish bed and whilst technically it did have an ensuiteshower, i wouldn't have washed a dog in it. bearing in mind it was costing about £40 (~$80) a night it was atrocious. another aspect was that at night time there were permanently men sleeping in the corridor right outside our room - i don't know if they were meant to be security, but one was a really skinny old man with a big long beard, don't think he would have been much use in a fight - and you hear them talking when you used the toilet or even when you were lying in bedalso when we checked out the owner tried to charge me for 2 nights despite the fact i'd paid online for the first night. at the time i thought it was an innocent mistake but having read some of the other reviews i'm now wondering about that.would never go near this dump again and certainly wouldn't recommend it to anyone	
Mar 21 2007	hotel [--] [--]	Arrived late at night on train and didn't really have any other options at that time the room was already booked when we arrived we found that the room charge they had up on the board was 1,000 Rups more than the Indiatourism pamphlet indicated, got into room and it was terrible, small grotty and generally crap. Were quite concerned that we would have visitors with more than two legs during the night. Left first thing in morning, just couldn't be bothered arguing.Best advise stay as far away from here as you can, avoid it like the plague, try something around main bazaar much cheaper and alot nicer. Connaught place is not the location it is cracked up to be.	
Nov 21 2006	Beware Hotel 55	I booked their driver to pick me up from airport and he didn't turn up. When I came to check out: they overcharged me for the room and I mistakenly paid without checking amount first. When I noticed, they admitted 'cheating' me out of money but refused to refund it. They said they would call the police if I didn't leave immediately without refund and would tell them that I had physically attacked the manager. All staff started nodding vigorously and I realised I was outnumbered and left having lost 2,500 rupees. On recounting this story to my tailor later that morning, he nodded and indicated that this was not the first time this had happened.	
