Nov 24 2009 	Slumps have better rooms than this.	The pen ultimate disaster. Want to know what happens after 2012, come to this hotel. Staff were rude and were making snide remarks as we were checking in. Down right insulting us in our face. When giving them my platinum credit card, the staff accused me of trying to pass them a debit card. Carpet was threadbare. Damp musky stink. As we were walking to our room, we could see rooms with broken windows through open and broken doors. Air con was not working in the room. Staff who promised to help us look into it never came. We must have been talking to a ghost from this hotel's past. everybody wants a tip even when they are asked to repair broken fixtures in the room. Ultimate insult was when I was locked inside my room because the cheapskate lock they installed on the door failed, TWICE. Had there been an emergency or fire I'd be dead. When i asked to change my room, one rude man asked me menacingly if i wanted to change room. After changing the room through my insistence, he had the gall to try to cop a tip out of me. Worst hotel I had ever stayed in, you couldn't pay me enough to come back here. The one bright spark was a 46 inch LCD tv inside a small room. The money could have been better spent updating the fixtures and broken appliances or better yet, staff training. to think that my business associate booked me into this hotel thinking that anyone as prices of their rooms are at 5 stars rate, it should be good. Put your clients here only if you want to see them for the last time. Free internet was @ 2 kbps when it is good. DO NOT COME ANYWHERE NEAR THIS DUMP, EVER.	
Jun 17 2009 	Sad hotel in disrepair	I had stayed at the Samrat more than 20 years back &amp; the property has fallen into a terrible state now. Like most ITDC hotels, it is poorly maintained (unlike the Ashok next door, which is their flagship &amp; better maintained).The Wifi in the room would not work &amp; I had no internet access (which was free if it worked) They tried to fix it for two days but could not. The staff tried their best (which you expect at Rs 9000 a night) but to no avail. The hotel itself has a lot of corridors and is oddly designed. The carpets are worn &amp; corridors smelly &amp; damp. The room service was very slow although the food was not bad.The staff are helpful. There is a very live discotheque in the basement. But the overall ambience is not worth what you pay for.	
Jun 3 2009 	very bad experience	I stayed at samrat to attend a conference. this hotel has got a good property but being government one it does not have good services. waiters does not listen. rooms does not get cleaned properly. not courtsey amongst the staff. if you order something from your room. forget it you would get it next day. i had a very bad experience staying at this hotel.	
Jan 5 2009 	A little bit of love for the Samrat...	Ok, it's probably appropriate to give just a little bit of – if not love then at least kinder ambivalence to the Samrat. I was booked at the Samrat for a business conference being held at the Hyatt. Since I had no control over where i was being booked I was pretty bummed and frightened to read the reviews on here. And in all honesty, the Samrat is not a great hotel by any means. But I found the reviews to be a little bit exaggerated. a) I’ve never been to India before so I can’t compare this hotel with anything other than the Hyatt.b) The Samrat simply isn’t in the same universe as the Hyatt but it was less than half the price so that has to be taken into account. They Hyatt is a very nice hotel by western standards. The Samrat would not be but I’m not sure how it compares to other Indian hotels in Delhi. c) After the Mumbai tragedy it was actually a bit of relief to not be staying at such a high profile western hotel. d) Someone told me the Samrat is a state run hotel. If so, this explains a lot.e) The hotel is pretty bedraggled. About the best way to put it. Things are kind of shabby and run down. That being said, I certainly didn’t see any rats and my room was fine. f) I personally found the staff to be warm, friendly and very accommodating. A few examples. I asked one morning if they had an English newspaper and the individual literally ran to get me one. Without asking he had the paper delivered to my room every morning and sought me out in the lobby one morning to make sure I was getting it. I also accidentally locked some valuables in the room safe and could not remember the combination. The manger was up in a flash to help. Everyone I ran into seemed very willing to accommodate. Requests to get a cab were handled quickly and with a sense of urgency. The room was cleaned impeccably every day. g) Free internet was not incredibly fast but it was free. h) My room had been refurbished and was in fairly good shape. It had wood floors which was a nice touch and a huge flat screen TV that I never turned on. i) In general the hotel is being “refurbished” but not in the manner I would be used to. In the US you would bring in a professional crew and plow through an organized rehab with a strict methodology and timescale. At the Samrat it appeared as if random crews of disorganized individuals are working at various tasks. I saw people repairing plaster in one area only to disappear without a trace with the job seemingly half finished. Perhaps this is common. j) I thought they had a nice buffet in the morning.k) Every night there were weddings in the courtyard which frankly I thought was kind of cool.l) I did have to try to get to sleep one night through the thumping base beat of the disco but other than that one night the hotel was reasonably quiet. m) I traveled about a week or so after the tragedy at Mumbai. The security at the Samrat seemed very tight. People were taking their job seriously which I really appreciated. If anyone from the Samrat reads this review I hope you’ll agree this is a fair review. I would only offer you this advice. You can make great strides by focusing singularly on customer service. Doing everything in your power to ensure that every staff member and every employee does everything they possibly can to make every guest’s visit an enjoyable, safe and productive one costs very little money. Your staff seems to understand this but you need to continue to reinforce this from the very top! If you’re curious you should study up on the philosophy of the Wynn hotels or the W hotel chain. Oh… and replace the carpeting. It’s really gross.	
Nov 20 2008 	hotel samrat	hotel samrat which is situated in chanakya puri(south ex.) ned delhi has all the facities one lokks into before booking a stay in a hotel. its two very famous lounges named headquarters and decibels are a perfect place for those who wanna shake a leg after their days rest in their luxurious rooms. even the rail shaped bar provides you with every drink you can think of.its perfect for an outstay.	
Jul 12 2008 	Worse than ever it seems!!	I stayed at Hotel Samrat more than 5 years ago ; it was awful then and ,remarkably, seems to have become much worse now. I say &quot;remarkable&quot; because Delhi has improved so much as a city in recent times and there are so many guest-houses and the like available, if one is not inclined to pay the exorbitant 5-star hotel rates. But why would anyone pay good money for the mess that is the Samrat. Surely, the Indian or Delhi tourist authorities should take action.	
Apr 7 2008 	It was not really good!	The hotel is very old and currently undergoing renovation. Construction sites are all over the place. Cables hanging out lose, water lines, cockroaches running around the bath room....The staff is unmotivated and non-emotional. The rooms are mostly okay. Breakfast buffet is very limited and really no pleasure. For business travellers I do not recommend this hotel.	
Dec 17 2007 	simply !!!Worst!!!	DO NOT WAISTE YOUR MONEY TO STAY THERE.DIRTY - I'm really sorry that have not make a picture... You'd amaize...NOISY - DISCO in a hotel finish at 3 a.m. - no chance to sleep!FOOD IS REALLY POOR and BAD QUALITYKitchen is dirty.LOCATION is bad - nothing to go around.The worst Moscow 2 stars hotel would be better then this 4!	
Dec 4 2007 	SamRAT lives up to name	We stayed here reluctantly (having read TripAdvisor reviews) because it was part of a conference package. It certainly lived up to those reviews and its name the SamRAT, as there were rats!This is a government run hotel and will need to improve markedly if it is going to be ready for the C'wealth Games in 2010. Directly next door is another government run hotel, Ashtok, which was genuinely 5 star. The SamRAT was being belatedly renovated in some areas and there was an excellent privately run restaurant and bar on the ground floor but this was not advertised and difficult to 'happen upon'.	
Nov 19 2007 	Worst Hotel I've Ever Stayed IN	Do NOT stay here. This is a government run hell-hole. I travelled to New Delhi for a friends wedding and this hotel was recommended by the family of the bride so we assumed it would be ok. However the hotel stank of damp, the room was filthy and had cockroaches, the staff were rude and demanded tips, I became violently ill after staying here. A friend staying at the same time saw a rat run across the breakfast room. Avoid!!!!!	
Mar 16 2007	Rat house would be a more apt name	It was very run down and smelly! Even though they said we had the updated rooms. The hotel is government owned and they sould be ashamed of it's condition.	
Jan 7 2007 	A rip off	Far too expensive for what you get. The price is really only for the downtown location. Run-down room and hardly any facilities. But at least the room was tidy, quiet and not dusty or smelly.	
Dec 31 2006 	Avoid the Smarat!!	Just came back from a two week trip in India which includedfive nights (pre-paid) at the Samrat. It was the most expnesiveand the worst hotel we stayed at during our trip. If it had notbeen pre-paid, and close to where I had a meeting, we wouldhave checked out after the first night. I wish I had read thereviews posted here before I went. The staff was unhelpful,unknowlegable, and rude. The first room we were in hadan overwhelming smell of pesticide and there were stillcoackroaches. We moved to a room without carpets, whichreduced the smell. The linens were dirty, towels missing. Whenwe asked for clean towels we got somewhat less dirty onesand the usual expectation of a tip for bringing what shouldhave been normally provided. We had a dispute over one ofthe pre-paid nights and the cashier wanted to keep the receiptI had of our payment. I said he could kieep it but should giveme a photo-copy. That request was met with disbelief, becausethey said they had no copier or any possible way of making a copy. For a supposedly multi-star hotel in Delhi in 2006, that seemedvery backwards. The ``gardens&quot; and fountains that one sees on the internet were all closed. The breakfast included in the room rate was unedible, and we ended up not eating there after our first breakfast, eating breakfast instead at the Ashok across the way (a very expensive breakfast - showing how awful the Samrat foot was). The worst part of this hotel is thatit has a nightclub called the Decibel (that says it all) that blastedthumping music late into the night (one night until 3am) on four ofthe five nights we were there. For callibration, I should mentionthat I have travelled extensively in India, and lived for there forextended periods in the past. I have stayed in worse 5 dollara night hotels in India than the Samrat, but also better 5 dollar a nighthotels than the Samrat. For a western-priced hotel, the Samratis absolutely the worst hotel I have seen. Under no circumatancesshould one stay there. The only positive point is that it doeshave a nice new resteraunt called the Chakras. But the hotelhas no directory of services in the room and the registationstaff didn't mention anything about hotel facilities, so we onlyfound it late in our stay. I really pains me to write such a negative review, because I want to encourage tourists tovisit India, and I hate to sound like a spoiled westerner.We hada wonderful trip overall, and India is a fantastic place to visit. But I have enough experience in India to know that theSamrat does not represent India and really deserves to be avoided - and to be put out of business by the many better,and more affordable hotels. Come to India, but avoid the Samrat!!.	
Nov 28 2006 	What a dump!!	Quite how this passes for a 5* hotel I do not know. The whole place was filthy and looked to be falling down in places. The decor in the corridors is awful and smelly. The first room we had there were holes in the ceiling with loose electrical wires hanging out, the bedding was smelly and full of holes, most of the facilities in the room did not work and we had cockroaches in the bathroom. After complaining loudly we got moved to a marginally better room but it was still no where near the 5*s it claimed to be, though we did have a lovely view of the algae infested swimming pool. The one saving grace was the independently run Chinese restaurant on the ground floor which, strangely enough was superb.	
Nov 12 2006	Third rate hotel at the five star price	Designating Hotel Samrat a five star hotel looks to me a big joke. I stayed there in October 2006 and it is a dirty and unkept .Bathroom leaked, torn mattresses, dirty carpets, holes in walls etc. Baradari restaurant is horrible too. Many waiters but hardly any service they provide. Food was Ok but meats were undercooked.Many managers are there just seeking bribes or tips. When I checked in they told me that hotel is available only for one night and I have to check out tomorrow. After checking in, the duty manager approached me that he will work out something tomorrow and advised me not to checkout. My reading was that he was looking for something. After two three hours he called my room to ask me that I should come down to meet him because he is alone at this time. Hence, a big tip was given... Moreover, someone entered our room and stole 1.6 lakh rupees along with 210 US dollars and a checkbook. It happened when we went for a dinner in hotel restaurant called Baradari. The friendly manager knew our plans for dinner time (when and where), the same man who let us stay for another night.  In conclusion, don't stay in this unsafe and a rat hole.	
Apr 18 2006	Horrified.	Our first choice hotels were booked up, so our driver took us here. What a mistake 7500 INR for a dump. We left after seeing the room, the 4 alternatives offered were just as bad. Everything the other reviewers mentioned are still the same, bare wires, grey sheets, stained worn carpets, baths that were disgusting. The corridoor walls were horrible. I was prepared to sleep in the airport rather than stay here. Awful, awful, awful.We left and checked into The Hyatt - worth every penny.	
Feb 28 2006	Don't stay at the Samrat	Do not stay at this hotel. For a start, it's only partly a hotel. The upper floors, and part of the 1st floor where there are guest rooms, are obscure Government office eg Telephone disputes Tribunal, Ministry of Forests etc. The rooms are Ok if a bit down at heel, but the corridors are shabby with junk piled up on the staircases. The pool was 'closed' in high season, and the gardens scruffy with no chairs etc. Breakfast in the Red Chilli restaurant was poor, dismal decor and limited food, which ran out. No way is this a 5 star hotel.The hotel appears to make its money from a nightclub which belts out incredibly noisy music at least one night a week so that you can't sleep. When the nighclub is closed, the restaurant may be let out for equally noisy parties. We had to move rooms at midnight.Curiously, there is a rather good new restaurant on the hotel premises, stylish, modern and a good menu, if almost no customers. [Not the Red Chilli]	
Oct 12 2005	A complete dump	This is the worst hotel I and my family have ever stayed in. Grey sheets, bare wires inserted into electric sockets. It's not only dirty, it's simply not safe. The entrance is nice, but a complete facade! You will be shocked to see the state of the rooms. They have 4 bell boys who don't have much to do for most of the time - it's a pity they couldn't give one of them a paint brush to start redecorating the bedrooms. I would never stay in an Ashok property again. The rooms aren't cheap either, I can't believe that it gets away with masquerading as a 4 star hotel.	
Sep 20 2005 	Hell Hole	As a frequent traveller I was completed dissappointed with this hotel. From the start the service was appalling. The car I booked to collect me from the Airport never turned up. When I checked in there was no apology or offer to credit the charge. They also were confused and tried to charge me twice even though I had paid e-globe on-line. The foyer was being sandblasted all week and the rest of the hotel was completed dilapidated, musty with regular power cuts. I had cockroaches in my room and the so-called drinking water was in broken sealed out-of-date bottles with the labels torn off. It was my Birthday on the 13th and when I went to the bar to buy a celebration beer, I was told they had run out of stock! There was no Internet or business meeting rooms to hold meetings.In brief, every aspect of the service, facilities and accomodation was the worst standard I ever experienced. It was a short stay and only because I had pre-arranged meetings, I'd have checked out the following day.How they can claim 5 star is totally bewildering.	
Jul 13 2005 	Checked out after 30 minutes	We had booked for 2 nights at Hotel Samrat through a travel agent as it was closer to the US Consulate.We drove back from Jaipur Thursday evening (30th June, 2005) and checked into Hotel Samrat. We went to the reception and checked in. We took an elevator to the 4th floor and had to walk past smoke filled government offices to our room. As soon as we entered it was one of the worst rooms i had ever seen in my life filled with cigarette smoke eventhough it was supposed to be a non-smoking room. We tried another room in 3rd floor which was of similar condition. Then we were told that we will get another newly renovated room and as soon as we entered this room we could smell the paint.That was it!. We could not take it anymore and talked to the manager that we wanted to check out. So there it was. The shortest checkout!.Also i wanted to get a copy of the cancellation confirmation and the manager was rude saying that they wont give us the copy. She said we could complain to anyone we wanted and she didn't care.So Please skip any of the &quot;TheAshokGroup&quot; properties. PLEASE!	
Apr 6 2005	Give it a miss!	An impressive entrance and that's where it ends. Musty, old and bare rooms requiring complete renovation. There isn't a mini bar, tea/coffee facilities or trouser press as advertised. Staff totally unhelpful at reception. Give it a miss!!!!	
Dec 13 2004	If you like cockroaches	Under the guise of a five star hotel, the Samrat operates a dirty, dank and horrible place to stay in Delhi. I live in India and travel a lot for business so I know that this is much worse than the typical problems encountered with accomadations in India.It was shabby, old and run down. It did not have internet and the staff did not provide any tips on how one could access internet in the area. The staff were not friendly or helpful. And there were cockroaches in my room...two days in a row! The staff or manager never once apologized for the inconvenience or offered any compensation for my trouble. This was the worst hotel I've ever stayed at.	
