Nov 23 2009 	They'll treat you like a thief!	My rooms were booked and paid for in advance when I got to the reception after an intensive security check of the car - visual inspection under the hood, under the body with a stick and mirror - and of ourselves with metal detectors, screening gate and physical inspection of body and hand bags. Check-in took about 15 minutes and they asked me for my credit card as a security deposit in case if I steal something from the hotel and run away without paying. (At least I interpreted this reason as the rooms were already paid for).The double occupancy room required careful physical maneuvering to get to the door from the bed - it's just tiny. The room had 3 telephones: 1 worked only as an intercom within the hotel, 1 was disconnected from mains and 1 I later discovered was wrongly connected to the &quot;data&quot; port and thus didn't work. A broken shower in the bathroom was eventually left unfixed after my 3 nights' stay and 3 complaints. They have no weighing scale in the entire shiny 4-star hotel to either weigh yourself or your luggage; and that was discovered after transferring the call from housekeeping to front desk to bell desk.Checkout took about 20 minutes even after having absolutely no pending bill.	
Nov 21 2009 	Cheap but you get much less than what you pay.	Having stayed at other hotels in India, I noted many unusual features at this hotel that looks quite good from outside.1. The lobby looks like a bad copy of a Las Vegas estate. It is a matter of taste, and you may even like it, but it was not my personal taste of a 4 star business hotel.2. The rooms are cramped, and have an odd shape. 3. The carpets are not clean and in places torn.4. The bathroom has no tub, and the shower area is basic at best.5. Be careful with furniture in the room, they are so delicate that they might just fall if you put luggage on top.6. The lifts are quite adequate. However there is no sign that a lift has arrived to a floor. If you are careful observing all 7-8 doors, you might actually miss it.Service horrors:1. Internet is pricey at 7 star hotel rates (even Indian ones). The speed barely compares to that of a dial up (if it works). Not good for a business trip.2. Same for printing. Obviously a rip-off.3. Had a red stain on the pillow. And it was not a paint. I guess change of laundry doesn't happen when guests change.4. Breakfast/lunch at the only restaurant takes infinite amount of time for any service. But there is plenty of staff around, and they seem to be either busy walking past you or busy chatting to each other.And I was not the only one who experienced these. My colleague on another floor had a similar experience.Bottom line: You get cheated and you are better off some place else.	
Nov 16 2009 	A child learning to walk!	This hotel is all of 3 months old, in the words of its owner Ashok Mittal, and according to him, there are numerous teething problems. This is the good news, i.e. the owner is aware that there are teething problems and did not make excuses for the numerous flaws, gaffes, shortcomings that I experienced during my 4 nites. The bad news is that this was the old Ashok Yatri Hotel, a 2 star hotel owned and run by the Indian Government, and it still shows in the infrastructure and decor, inspite of the refurbishing and new management under Ramada.1. Front desk was chaotic and unorganized when I tried to check in at 3pm, supposedly a slow time. There were at least 5 individuals behind the front desk, but it was not clear what they were up to. Each of them was trying to help the 2 guests who were at the front desk, one trying to check in and one trying to check out. When my turn came 3 of them tried to check me in one after the other asking for the same information repeatedly. One of them checked me in, gave me my keys, and just as I was leaving informed me that I should wait in the lobby because my 'room was dirty'!2. I finally checked into a clean room, and being famished after a long low cost airline flight, and looked for the room service menu. There wasnt one. It took 3 individuals and 20 minutes to retreive one. There was no waste paper basket in the bathroom.3. Space was at a premium on the desk, and the single plug point had to be alternatedf between the kettle, the lamp, the laptop and the phone charger. Some of the mini bar items spilled over into the desk drawer.4. The plumbing is old, and each time one uses the faucet, the flush, the shower, there is a huge racket. On the last day when I was packing my stuff from the wardrobe, I noticed that some of the clothes were damp. Upon closer inspection it turned out that there was a leak from the vent in the wardrobe, and droplets were falling on the clothes.5. At breakfast on the first morning, there was a long line of guests waiting to be seated. It was clear that the hostess and the manager were not able to cope with this. They were asking guests to share tables. When I finally got my table, and I got up to get my breakfast and returned with my plate, my table was gone! The manager offered to seat me at another table, but I didnt want to take the risk!6. When I asked for the user name and password for internet access I was told to come to the business center to get it becuase it was 'insecure' to send it to my room. When I went to get it, I was told why did I bother to come to the business center, it would have been sent up! This process needs to be repeated each time you need to buy more time, since it cannot be done online!7. On the 2nd day when I retunrd to my room in the evening, I noticed that towels and napkins had been replaced but the dirty ones had been left in the sink and the shower!8. Used glasses, cups, spoons were not cleaned or replaced.9. My Wyndham Rewards number was not in the reservation when I checked in, and I gave it to them, and I was assured it would be input. Sure enough when I checked at the time of check out, it had still not made its way into the system!The good news is that the staff is young, inexperienced and untrained, but they are trying hard. The hotel is enjoying over 90% occupancy and the public areas and the staff are stretched to accomodate everyone. I think they will come out of this teething period. If you are willing to endure this until then, go ahead and stay here, if not, wait for a few weeks or months.	
Nov 9 2009 	Unless you are short of options you should choose this hotel	I just spent two nights in this hotel as I was part of a meeting. The lobby and restaurant was clean with polite but extremely slow service. The rooms on the hand were tiny and the air condition blew smelly air. Maybe it was the smog outside The showers were great but with little towels. I paid almost $14/day for wireless but it never worked and I knew more about internet than the staff. Outside the hotel was dirty and in ruins but it is not their fault. If this is a four star hotel god help us with lower stars.	
Nov 3 2009	The worst hotel I have ever stayed in	As previous reviews have stated on entering the hotel things seem ok, but once you start dealing with the staff things go down hill. Our first room was so small and smelly we had no choice but to upgrade not a cheap option. We eventually moved our cases ourselves as we needed to change to go out. We had to call reception everytime we wanted hot water as we couldn't get it to work ourselves. The toiletries were already used by previous occupants and in some cases there were none at all.Breafkast was always luke warm and only on occassion would you be offered a napkin this was actually someone's job. There were no facilities not even a place to sit outside very poor all round. Fortunately our Convention was next door in the Shangrila Hotel (which in hindsight we should have booked) so I was able to use the beautiful swimming pool , spa and resturaunt. When it came to paying our bill we were told we could only pay this in US dollars but when we stood our ground and insisted we wanted to pay in GBP lo and behold it turned out we could. The only way to get anything done in this hotel is to have a shout and still they will smile at you as if they are doing everything to make your stay a good one (believe me they don't). I would not recommend this establishment to anyone be it for business or pleasure.	
Nov 2 2009 	Immensely disappointing - avoid	We looked forward to luxury in New Delhi to end our holiday - and the lobby promised this in spades. However, the hotel is 'all fur coat and no knickers'. The room 'Deluxe King' was pokey, the staff unhelpful if not rude, and the restaurant underwhelming. It lacked facilities, was overpriced, and was a major disappointment. Look elsewhere.	
Oct 31 2009 	Lousy	Due to non availability of a Double room priced at Rs. 6500 (US$140), had to take a Suite for Rs. 11000 (US$240). The website states for a Suite, Internet (for a fee is not stated). The ambience and cleanliness of the Hotel starts in the Lobby and ends with the lifts. The extra addition to the room to make it a Suite is a round table and 3 chairs, for which to pay an extra US$100 is not worth the value. The carpets on the room floors are torn and dirty. In the room the remote for television could not be found, the room cleaner came and found it under the bed. From bathrooms personal toiletries were missing and used. The Jacuzzi would not stop, the shower would not work, my wife had to hold the plug to enable me to have a shower. The restaurant food was good but not warm, the buffet counter was not clean. An extremely bad experience.	
Jun 3 2009 	Awful	April 25, 2009.I was on a two week business trip to Delhi with a colleague and staying at a decent budget hotel in Karol Bagh. But due a serious plumbing issue at the hotel where the room got flooded we had to shift immediatly and got a excellent rate from a TA for the Ramada Plaza Hotel.The reception was lifeless. we were not even shown / escorted to our room. The receptionist told us to find our way to the room. The room itself was like a pigeon hole. We had asked for twin beded room and were alloted a single kingsize bed. After several calls and one hour of waiting we were taken to another room with twin beds. This room was so fithy &amp; dusty. The houskeeping supervisor came and apologised and got one of the boys to clean the room. The Bathroom was a mess. water clogged in the shower area as soon as you opened the shower / tap. We called the housekeeping but this time they did not attend our call. The fittings were all rusted. I actually took a shower in a puddle of water which was above my ankle.Infact when my colleague went for breakfast he overheard converstion of a senior person from the Travel Freternity who also faced the similar issue and he was yelling at the hotel manager for such a sub-standard hotel which they call a five star property. We immedeatly decided to check-out from the hotel. We had actually booked to stay for a week at the hotel and after we settled the bill for one nights stay the cashier asked us what was the reason for check-in out. The reception desk were not at all bothered to notice we were checking out in a day. In short we informed him and he tried to tell us he would speak to the manager on duty and sort out the matter. In fact he informed us that the hotel began operation in November 2008. I could'nt believe him. But we had decided to leave and nothing would convince us to stay back at the hotel.	
Mar 28 2009 	Very nice	We stayed at Ramada Plaza for total of 3 nights while we were in New Delhi. This hotel is very nice and the rooms were very clean and modern. The food in the restaurant is also very good. There is high security at the entrance of the hotel where baggage is screened etc.	
Mar 19 2009 	Nightmare at Ramada Plaza Delhi	Just avoid this hotel by all means since you might get extremely disappointed and very poor level of service compared to the Shangri La and the Meridien which are true 5 star hotels just 5 minutes away from this bloody Ramada. Or just go there if you have no other choice, as it was my case on 17-20 January this year, but you will pay a lot of money and get only disappointments, poor attention, and even risky experiences. During my first night there, indeed, one staff very strongly opened the door and went into my room on 5 a.m. in the morning without asking for permission, announcing himself, and although the « do not disturb » light was on ! Not the end of dreadful experiences : again on 7.30 a.m. 3 Indian staff did the same and came into my room again before running away as I was starting to chase them ….If you look at the venue and facilities, it is nice, but this place should never become more than a 2 or maximum 3 star hotel. This is what you should be paying for at Ramada Plaza hotel of Delhi (max. 1000 Rpees per night – don’t pay more than that !!!)The breakfast room is tiny, and I advise not to take your breakfast during rush hours ! It is like central station in London on a Monday morning, but with so small space that the room is completely crowded, and you have to ask 5 times for anything. If you are in a hurry, just skip the breakfast or you will await your check until the evening. If you like bacon, go to the street corner and choose any other place for breakfast because Ramada doesnt serve bacon ! FINALLY VERY IMPORTANT:Don’t do any laundry also at the Ramada, they will give it back after a petrol wash which definitely ruin your clothes. That is what happened to my suit, which has now ended up in the rubbish bin.And to complete the picture of mediocrity, the staff is unprepared to improve your conditions of stay. They just don’t care about you and start laughing when you walk away from them, especially Dinesh who will only laugh at you and your problems !	
Dec 5 2008 	Comfort and relaxation	I was brought to this hotel by Aeroflot, because they cancel our flight. Hotel is located in green central quarter of New Delhi, close to shops of Connought place, Parlament, and not far from sites of Old Delhi like Red Fort.Food was tasty and diverse. Rooms a bit small, but clean and well equiped. You feel that hotel is quite old but renovarted. Servants were polite and helpful and quickly manage 150 passengers of our flight arrived at once.	
