	great place	Its great place and great loc and 5 stars.	
	Hidden Gem in New Delhi	We stayed in this hotel on our last night in India. It is about 13km away from Connaught Place and there is no metro station nearby, but we knew this before booking and choose to get away from the hustle and bustle of Delhi for our final night. An autorickshaw from Connaught Place will cost about Rs 80 (though you'll have to go to a pre-paid booth because most drivers will try to charge you at least Rs 150). The hotel will organise a taxi to / from the airport but it is much more expensive than getting a pre-paid car (which will be about Rs 250-350) depending on the terminal.The hotel was very nice. There is a great rooftop area where you can eat and drink (the staff will go out to get beers for you at Rs 75 each) and have view of the Lotus Temple. Breakfast is buffet style in the lobby. The rooms are spacious and modern with a proper king-sized bed, feather duvets, flat screen television, and large bathroom. The only fault is that there was a slight smell of sewerage, but this came from outside. I would definitely recommend this hotel if you want to get away from the hustle and bustle of Delhi and have a quiet, relaxing night somewhere. Do your sightseeing during the day and head back to this oasis.	
	Lovely and helpful staff!	We stayed in the Amber for a total of 5 nights and loved it. The people were very service oriented and helped us ease life in Delhi. Delhi is a bustling city but the hotel is an oasis. Check out the roofgarden when youre here.	
	THE place to stay in Delhi	We found The Amber on tripadvisor, when we were looking for a nice and quite place in Delhi to spend our last four days in India after travelling three weeks through Rajasthan.The Amber is located in a very silent neighbourhood but all hotspots are easy to reach within 20 minutes. The Hotel is really beautiful, a wonderful mixture between western and indian style. The beds are very comfortable and the rainshower is amazing. With really hot water, heated with solar energy. And also the ayurvedic beauty products are great!But the best at The Amber is the really friendly and helpful staff, who is making everything possible. We wanted to do a daytrip to Agra and they tried everything to arrange our traintickets for the next day. Since this didn't work they organized us a driver and guide for the Taj Mahal so that we had a wonderful trip.And last but definitely not least: the FOOD which was really amazing!! I had vegetable shahi korma for four times, because i liked it so much and the cook always made it a little bit different for me, so that i won't become boring. All the other dishes were delicious as well. I would have loved to take the cook home with me ;-)So whenever you come to Delhi you should stay at The Amber. It is definitely in one league with all the big names in Delhi, but it is way more friendly and reasonable in price.	
	Why is there so much hype about this place?	The place doesn't measure up to the rave reviews it seems to get. It is far from the airport. Interiors of rooms are fine, but the window is so small as to make it feel like sleeping in a basement. Service, quality of amenities just doesn't quite make the grade of a 'great' hotel.	
	A Quiet Oasis in Delhi	Amber is one of a kind in Delhi. Quiet, contemporary, comfortable, clean. It excels in all areas. Mukesh the manager and all of the staff are very friendly and make you feel right at home. There have been very few hotels anywhere that I have actually sat down in the lobby and engaged in conversation. The room decor is very modern and the bathrooms are spacious with all the up-to-date amenities that you expect. Food is very good and there is a nice rooftop garden with a great view of the Lotus Temple at sunset. I stayed in two different rooms on front and back ends of a trip to Kathmandu and both visits were equally impressive. The staff were very flexible in accommodating my 3 and 4 o'clock early morning wakeups for the airport. Its location in a residential neighborhood is both a pro and a con -- great respite from the constant honking horns of Delhi's traffic, but also hard for drivers to find. Prices are very reasonable compared to the &quot;big name&quot; hotels in Delhi and you will get equal or better service. I would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 25 2009 	A warm and welcoming refuge from the city...and a beautifully appointed hotel	The amber was an absolutely beautiful place for us to stay upon our arrival in Delhi. The hotel was exceptionally clean and well appointed. The beds were firm and the bedding was very tasteful, as was the furniture in the room. (Note: The showers are fantastic! Great water pressure.) Mukesh, the general manager, and his staff could not have been more welcoming. They made us feel right at home...even when we arrived at midnight! I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Delhi. The only negative was that we couldn't stay longer!	
Nov 10 2009 	Amazing Customer Service!!!	I stayed at the Amber for only a 3 nights, but wished I would have stayed there much longer. The hotel was immaculate, very modern and very well appointed, but more than anything, the customer service was incredible. I forgot my hair brush and the staff actually went out for me and bought me one at 11pm at night. On two mornings, I also had to leave at 5:30am and they were able to accomodate me for breakfast and even sent me along with some Indian specialties for later in the day. The owner and managers are very good and highly responsive to any requests you might have. The only downside for me was lack of hot water on 2 of the days I was there, but I came to find that very hot water in India is rare even when staying at the best hotels. All in all, I loved this hotel and would highly recommend it to anyone.	
Nov 3 2009 	Saris and Parties with the Boss	After spending just over a week in the deepest sub-incontinent living in villages, traipsing through farms and battling 6-inch cobras, I needed a quiet and hassle free place to stay in Delhi as I caught up with friends, reviewed footage for a documentary I'm making, and chilled out. Indian hospitality is where the guest is king. This seems to be The Amber's motto.I arrived in Delhi via the domestic terminal...the Amber only offers transfers from the International terminal. They suggested the best way is to take advantage of the pre-paid taxi rank (approx 230 rupees to Sukhdev Vihar compared to over 1000 if the hotel arrange it for you). The rooms were very clean, but the windows don't open. The roof terrace is nice but there is no gym. The food was good...tho rather expensive for India/Delhi if you're into the 60 rupees for a chicken biryani schtick.Now...the service. I acquired some sari fabric on my shoot. I casually asked the people at the desk where I could get a top and a petticoat for it. They not only took me to a tailor at a local market to get measured up, but collected the gear and gave me an adhoc sari wrapping lesson. I was having lunch when the boss wandered over and introduced himself. By the conversation's end, I was his guest to one of his friends' pre-wedding parties. Everything I could've possibly wanted was catered for. The only issue I had was that no taxi driver or tuk tuk man knows where this place is. I'd suggest a little map printed on their calling card to help guests out.The boss said he's up against hotels like the Metropolitan. In terms of size and facilities, they can't compare. So where they have to excel is in service. The rooms are well-appointed, the rain showers are amazing. And its one of the few hotels in Delhi to have an environmental commitment to solar energy and reusing rainwater. Having stayed in many hotels around the world...mostly boutique ones...The Amber is, so far, the best. So if you can afford it and you don't really want the impersonal service you get with the bigger chains, come here. Stay.	
Oct 30 2009 	Excellent clean hotel in quiet location with rooftop terrace and great staff	This was our second stay in Delhi within a fortnight and in comparison with Old Delhi where we first stayed the Amber was a breath of fresh air (literally)!. The hotel is situated in a quiet location which is mostly residential, so not really an area with lots of amenities on its doorstep, but with thousands of autorickshaws in Delhi this is not a problem. The hotel is immaculately clean, all white marble and over 3 floors with a fantastic roof top terrace with grass and rattan furniture, making it the ideal place to relax in the evening with a meal and view across of the city.The staff are all excellent. You receive an exceptionally warm welcome when you arrive and are all helpful throughout your stay. We were even allowed a late checkout to fit in around our flight times meaning that we could get the most out of our last day in India. The restaurant is situated on the ground floor near the lobby, so not the most relaxing of spaces however you can take meals on the roof which we would certainly recommend. The menu is varied with Indian, Chinese and Western food. The food is of very good quality, good sized portions and reasonably priced. The complimentary breakfast is adequate (but have to admit we did not get up very early so did not benefit from it as much as we perhaps could). The waiting staff are all excellent. What is particularly nice at this hotel is that the staff are happy to engage in conservation, something that we found is not so forthcoming in the larger hotels in India, this gave a much more personal feel to the place.The room was very clean, nicely decorated and the beds were extremely comfortable. Whilst the rooms do have windows ours was frosted glass, so do not expect to get a view, but you do get natural light , and the roof terrace more than makes up for this. The bathroom was very good, nice large walk in shower and again all marble. Certainly clean.I would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone that wants a quieter and cleaner location in the city.	
Oct 27 2009 	Experience beyond expectations	Amber is located in the east side of Delhi in a quiet neighborhood that depicts the normal day to day life of India through its large window in each room. This is a medium rate boutique hotel where the rooms were at a standard of any high end European or American hotel. The room was clean and the interior was tastefully done where each furniture item was selected with thought and a theme in mind. The bathroom was exceptionally good. Rooms carried all state of the art equipments. I must comment specifically on the food from the Amber kitchen. It was better than all the locations we were recommended to eat during our one week stay in Delhi. We did try all locations and always ended up coming back to Amber to taste items from their menu. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We felt at home at Amber - a special home with room service :-) I would recommend this to anyone and I would definitely return.	
Oct 19 2009 	Wonderful Experience	I recently spent 10 days at the Amber hotel and found it to be a pleasant surprise. I have been traveling to India for the last 14 years and have stayed at many hotels in Delhi and found the Amber to be up there with the best. The rooms are large, clean and elegant. The bathrooms were of the highest standard, with a wonderful shower to refresh your self at the end of a busy day. I stayed in room 301 and found the view delightful as an array of colourful saris wandering down road in the early mornings and evenings. The staff at the Amber are wonderful, they are warm and helpful. It was always a pleasure to arrive at breakfast to a friendly smile and efficient service. The food was amazing, because it is a boutique hotel they cook your meals from scratch and you do not get food that has been pre prepared. Sitting on the roof top and eating the delicious food was a nice touch as the Diwali fireworks went off around us. As for the location it was good for us. It got us out of the chaos of the busy Delhi streets. Close by there are some great restaurants if you feel like going out for your evening meal. It is very close to Nehru place and South Extension to do some shopping. I would recommend that you have clear instructions as to how to get to the hotel so you can tell the taxi drivers. Once you know where you are it is not that hard to find. Ask the staff at reception and they will write it all down for you. The hotel has great Wi-Fi service that never failed. A few more little touches of India would not go astray. The staff are dressed to western formal for my liking, but this is the only negative thing I can think to say about this hotel. Looking forward to staying again in the near future.	
Oct 14 2009 	Home from home	I stayed at the Amber again this time, which would be my 4th stay here. It is by far the best value 5 star hotel in Delhi. The staff are friendly and helpful and always remember you on your return. The room service has greatly improved and is now as good as anny hotel with a much wider menu. The best new addition is the sun terrace which is a great place to chill out. Will be staying here again next year!	
Oct 5 2009 	stylish and comfortable in Delhi	The room was excellent - very modern and well appointed. Great bathroom. Service is immaculate and very friendly. Its also in a relatively quiet location - which is very welcome in Delhi. This is obviously not in any way a heritage hotel, but for anyone new to India or just wanting a very comfortable and welcoming start to a trip, its a great stay.	
Sep 14 2009 	STAYED AT THE AMBER AGAIN	I stayed at the Amber Hotel again on my trip to Delhi and this hotel is the really really good. The people working there remembered me and were warm as ever. The hotel is extremely clean and I would reccommend it to any traveller looking for 5 star accomadation at a affordable price. Food, service and accomadation is top notch. Check out their website for an accurate description. Stay at Amber and you can thank me later.	
Sep 9 2009 	Refreshing new take on a business hotel.	I stayed at The Amber from 20 August 2009 to the 26th. I arrived at 2:30 AM at the Delhi airport yet I had a driver from The Amber awaiting my arrival. Multiple hotel staff enthusiastically greeted me despite the late time. My room was immaculate and very comfortable. I particularly liked the bathroom, which was huge and stylish (massive rainfall shower head, bowl sink, liberal use of marble). My bed was comfortable and the room was quiet (the hotel is not located on one Delhi's manic roads, but in a more quieter neighborhood that is around the corner from the chaos). I thought the room service and staff was overly generous and the staff were very helpful in helping me plan my time in Delhi. I used their helpful laundry service, which had quick turnover. I would stay here again and I highly recommend this place. This hidden gem is a great value!	
Sep 4 2009 	Fisrt class service - excellent hotel.	We stayed at the Amber for our first few nights in Delhi. The rooms were even better than those shown on the website. The staff were incredibly helpul and genuinely went out of their ways to ensure we had a happy and comfortable stay. The location is about a 15 minute taxi ride out of central Delhi at a cost of about 200rupees. It was actually refreshing to be away from the noise and hustle of Delhi in the evenings as the hotel is located in New Friends Colony which is itself home to many great restaurants and bars. The hotel staff were brilliant, rooms very clean and modern, great AC and showers. All in all a great base from which to explore Delhi.	
Sep 4 2009 	I wish we wwere staying longer an excellent choice and hotel!!!	Deciding on where to stay as new travellers and in a new country/ hectic city was a difficult decision however, we are thrilled we chose The Amber. The staff are friendly and will always go the extra mile to help and advise. The hotel features beautiful interiors and makes you feel welcome from the moment you arrive at the front door and are greeted by Mukesh and his wonderful team.The rooms are beautiful, the showers are incredible and our overall stay has been a fantastic start to our trip. After reading several comments made by other guests, we were somewhat concerned over the hotels location however the staff go the extra mile to helping, with booking taxi's and even taking us themselves to the local town( which boasts wonderful resturants). This was perfect for 2 single females who have never travelled to India.  I would without hesitation recommend this hotel to anyone and would not be put off by the peaceful location. It is not far from the main attractions and is worth travelling that little bit further out to relax at the end of a hectic day.An excellent hotel overall!!!	
Aug 17 2009 	Love It!! :)	Gorgeous and peaceful!! that too in the heart of Delhi.Great Service and very friendly- ever helpful staff!!The rooms are lovely and extreamly comfortable!MUST TRY FOR ALL!! :)	
Jul 19 2009 	A great hotel with very friendly service	A great modern and clean hotel (unusual in India as many hotels are quite dirty). In a quiet area of Delhi within access of amenites by short taxi journey. Staff are very friendly and willing to offer lots of help. Roomes are very modern with lovely bathroom facilities.Internet connection is free and is high speed which is great if you are a business traveller and the flat screen tv with English channels is great!	
Jun 10 2009 	Great Hotel Not the typical and not for Delhi	Wonderful hotel. New and modern, thoughtfully designed and appointed. Excellent service; from the hotel front desk staff, reservations, restaurant, to car service. We stayed here twice over a month, each stay was great and consistent.ly excellent. The restaurant is exceptional and of good value, Indian to Continential, Italian and Chinese. Would stay here again and recommend to friends.	
May 21 2009 	A safe haven in a chaotic city	Excellent hotel in south-east Delhi - located in a quiet residential area which made you really feel like you had escaped the chaos each evening (which is much needed believe me!)! The staff were unbelieveably friendly and helpful - ordering taxis, tours, restaurant bookings, train tickets.....you name, they would do it for you!! The security staff even helped us with a taxi-driver who had totally ripped us off...we managed to negotiate the price together after the drive back!! Quite a new hotel with beautifully furnished and clean rooms - fantastic room service and whilst breakfast menu was quite sparse, the food and service again was excellent!Would definitely recommended as a safe and peaceful base whilst exploring Delhi!	
May 21 2009 	Nice hotel but the location ...	Clean, well modernised hotel, helpful staff but, alas, miles from anywhere in fairly unsalubrious surroundings.	
May 17 2009 	Brand hotel - lovely rooms	Brand new hotel with all the mod-cons of a big city hotel.Excellent service, but lacked ambience or atmosphere, i think there was only one other person staying at the time.Food was great, room was lovely and a welcome break from the budget accomodation we had been staying in up until now. The staff were extremely helpful and very accomodating.Would say that it was well off the beaten track and was a long drive from most things so not a good location if you are wanting to get out and see lots of sights.	
Apr 23 2009 	Lovely small hotel in the upper end of Delhi hotels.	We stayed in three different hotels during our visits to Delhi and we liked The Amber. It's a small but very welcoming and friendly hotel in one of the quiter suburbs of south Delhi away from the hustle of CP.The breakfasts were good and included in the price of £125 per night per room. The staff were very helpful and the room was beautiful. The only issue was that none of the taxi drivers seemed to be able to find it, although to be fair, this was the case with a lot of hotels and sites in Delhi! It is out of the way, but close to The Lotus Temple and south Delhi restaurants.	
Apr 19 2009 	Nice room terrible location	We stayed at the Amber on our last night in India before flying home.The location is a long way out from anywhere. We wanted to do some last minute shopping. Unfortunately this is in completely the wrong area, It is about half an hour if the roads are good! to get into the centre of New Dehli. We were also disappointed that the hotel did not have any alcohol as we would dearly have liked a drink after a very hot day sightseeing. On the other hand the room itself was lovely. It was spacious and well presented. The breakfast was adequate but no more.All in all room great, location bad and quite expensive.	
Apr 11 2009 	A great small hotel	We were passing thru Delhi so we just wanted a comfortable, clean hotel for one night. Our travel agent had offered two options but we did not care for either. After checking the hotels on Trip Advisor, we opted for this boutique hotel based on the reviews. We found it to be a very nice and contemporary with a great bathroom, comfortable bed and bedding and great staff.	
Apr 8 2009 	A PLACE TO STAY IN DELHI	We stayed at this relatively new modern style hotel as part of a wonderful 17 day private tour organised by Mr V P Singh of the Indian based company 'Legends and Palaces '. The bedrooms and bathrooms were delightful and 5 star quality. The service is almost too attentive. Be careful with dinner as VAT &amp; Service is added to the bill. That said, the meals we had were good and tasty. Note, the lounge is part of the dining area and entrance hall. Despite these criticisms, the hotel is in a quiet, leafy sides street and is good value for money for Delhi.	
Mar 13 2009 	Perfect hotel for stay in Delhi	After many hours of research on the web, especially on the Tripadvisor site, we decided to book our 2 night stay in Delhi at the Amber Hotel and we were not disappointed.The hotel was in a quite residential location as well as being close 15-20 minutes to shopping areas, the room was spacious, big window, large flat screen T.V , and white crispy bed sheets clean &amp; the bathroom with seprate thick glass shower area with rain shower on top , the staff well trained and friendly, and nothing was too much trouble. On arrival there was a welcome drink offered, however the receptionist take us to the room and informed about the facilities. We dined in the restaurants at the lobby level and found the food to be high standard and reasonably priced. All in all a fabulous stay and we will certainly be back.	
Feb 21 2009 	Quality hotel	Good hotel, rooms are wonderful, great staff, BUT! breakfast is very average and basic, that needs to be addressed, also it has not got got a bar, and that was a BIG let down, and we were told we couldn't bring our own drinks down from our rooms. but the hotel itself is very clean, and we would go back,	
Feb 16 2009 	Wonderful-looking hotel great people	I stayed here for 3 nights with my 18-yr-old son and we really loved this hotel. We even extended our stay there a night. Delhi is a typical Indian big city - dirty, noisy, seemingly incomprehensible. The Amber provides an impeccably clean, beautiful, calm, quiet island in the storm. The staff could not have been more helpful. Breakfast was good too. It's definitely worth it to have the hotel send a driver to pick you up from the airport. Also FYI, there are two Amber hotels in Delhi and one of them is in a bad location so make sure you take down the info for the right one.	
Feb 3 2009	Excellent hotel but overpriced	The Amber is off the beaten path and you would need your own transportation. An excellent, clean and very modern hotel run by a friendly staff who is eager to help. The price for a room is comparable to five star hotels in Delhi. The Amber provides a clean modern place in a nice neighborhood. I would get into a larger five star hotel that has the infrastructure for rental cars, tours and an enviornment to meet other tourists. The hotel does have access to rental cars but we got a car for less than half of what it would have cost us to get it through the Amber.	
Jan 29 2009 	Great!	Room standard? Absolutely fantastic! It was so clean and beautiful. Client service? especially two people we spoke with were extremely professional and helpful: one lady at the reception and there was a man - i think he was the owner or manager - quite young, dressed really nice. The rest was just OK but those two! We were really impressed! But if I'm to complain... there were only two things that were a bit annoying but it's nothing especially that we're talking about India.First of all the room you can see with red blanket, stunning but we I had a look through the window... there is an eating area behind! And it would be ok because they are serving breakfasts only but in the morning it was a disaster. It was so noisy. The hotel staff was preparing this room for a breakfast from 5am. Talking, laughing and all the noises from the kitchen. We were really pissed off when we woke up at 5am and couldn't fall asleep especially that we arrived to the hotel in the middle of the night after a few 'interesting' experiences at the airport. Yes we were exhausted and planned to get up at 7am. Luckily there was no problem to change the room so the rest of our stay was great.2. Another thing: tipping. It was driving us bananas especially when ordered the food and a couple of beers. The guys was puffing pretending how tired he is because he had to get the food and especially beer from far away. Yeah right! He didn't do this himself! and than said he has no change so you don't have to tip him when you order your food. We already did ;) Oh and don't order any beer - it is too expensive and can't cool it down in the fridge anyway.So the above was the worst we experienced. Not too bad hey. I would definitely recommend this place to everyone.	
Jan 21 2009 	Nice hotel; terrible location; unhelpful staff	Amber is a very modern and brand new hotel with all of the luxurious touches of a 5 star hotel. The hotel is very clean, the rooms are average sized, and the ultra-modern bathroom is a very pleasant surprise. The evening manager was extremely helpful with our check-in, and put an effort to accommodate our requests.On the other hand, the morning reception staff had a huge attitude problem, and seem to have difficulty communicating with each other. They did not help with travel arrangements, and ended up directing us to one of the scariest bus stations in Delhi. (We ended up going to the Intercontinental hotel to get help with travel.)The location of this hotel also makes it awkward for pretty much everything. Sukhdev Vihar is also not the best part of town. We arrived rather late in the evening, and driving through the residential part of a sketchy neighborhood was not terribly comforting. We stayed in room 102 and the view onto the unfinished road outside was less than appealing.For the high cost of this hotel, we would have preferred to stay closer to Connaught Place.	
Jan 19 2009 	Excellent boutique hotel in Delhi	stayed in Amber hotel with a friend of mine for three nights.what i love first about the hotel is the very friendly staff and the General Manager himself ,very helpful , always smiling and wiiling to help you anytime(they gave me a late check out till 4:00 pm).the lobby is beautifullly decorated ,with free internet in the rooms/lobby.the location is in a quite neighbourhood ,all major attractions are within 15 minutes drive distance.the rooms are clean and comfortable,with italian fitting in bathroom and rain showewith hot and cold water.Room service is quick and food is good and hotel seems to be well executed in all fields.i love the buffet breakfast and fresh fruits as well.	
Jan 19 2009 	Excellent hotel in Delhi	One of my favourite boutique hotels in Delhi. If you fancy a splurge get one of their rooms, It feels like you are in English country house.Great room design and bathrooms in a beautiful townhouse. Good service too. Please note it is not a huge 5 star hotel so if that is what you are used to it may offer you the similar facilities. It is a new building with white floors and lots of character- and big on luxury.The location is great in a quite neighbourhood Make sure to sleep you quiter in this Hotel.all the serices are great,like room resvice,taxi service,laundry service and restaurant and of course all the staff is friendly as they are eager to serve you all the time.	
Jan 18 2009 	Way beyond my expectations!	My stay at the Amber was perfect! The hotel is modern, elegant, and cozy. Showers were delicious (had a hard time finding those during my travelings!), rooms extremely clean, and the staff was very friendly and helpful with everything.Definitely the best hotel i stayed during my month long stay in India. Paid higher rates in other hotels and got much less for my money. Really recomend it!And if you get tired of the intense Indian spices, there are tons of western food options.	
Jan 15 2009 	It was nice to be pampered	Found this hotel on Trip Advisor. All that was said in the reviews are true. Moreover one must emphasize that the reviews do not speak enough good about this place. The staff is fabulous, always eager to help and friendly I needed an Indian SIM card for my cell phone. The duty manager sent his assistant on foot at 9 pm to escort us with the necessary documents to get a card.To me that was beyond the call of duty and that says it all.The kitchen is open 24 hours and the service and fare is superb. The whole place is decorated with marble floors , the bedrooms have wooden floors and is spotlessly clean including the linen.I have one small negative comment, and that is about the device that maintains water pressure which constantly pounds every several seconds , and heard mostly on the third floor.I mentioned it to the duty manager the next day and he said that he could have shut it off at night had I called the desk before I went to sleep.I would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Jan 5 2009 	Overrated	Normally I swear by TripAdvisor and so booked this hotel based on all the excellent reviews. This was the last stop on our holiday to India and we were looking forward to staying in a hotel that appeared flawless! All other hotels we had stayed in on our trip had been super - and most of these recommended on this website. So, it was something of an anti-climax to arrive at the Amber at midnight after a 4 hour train journey to be met by a surly receptionist and what can only be decribed as a very average 2-night stay. To be fair there had been some early warning signs. I had tried to arrange a pick-up from the rail station a couple of weeks before we left for India, but their email address was consistently out of order (bizarre given this was the holiday period). I then phoned them to arrange a pick up but they had ran out of cars and were not able to assist in arranging a taxi. We managed to sort this out ourselves at the station without much bother. The room was certainly clean and very modern and with a great flat-screen TV. We had a Premium room which was quite small and the bathroom - albeit clean with lots of new fittings and hot water - was quite poky with nowhere to hang towels or put toiletries. It is certainly in a very quiet area (a good 30 mins from the center), but I think our room was above the water pump, which clanked loudly all night. Above all we found the service quite impersonal, and the breakfast was poor - there was no buffet and we ordered off the menu - the food was mediocre with instant coffee inspite of a state-of-the-art coffee maker that was used to froth the milk! This would have all been fine but the whole atmosphere was quite bizarre and a bit like eating in a hospital waiting room. When we came down to breakfast at 8am I thought we were in the wrong place as all the lights were off! They were quite helpful in ordering us taxis for day trips but very inflexible at the end of our stay, when we asked to keep the room an extra few hours after check-out time to wait for our flight, and we were asked to pay a full days rate with only 10% discount. We declined and ended up in a rather nice bar in town - given there is really nowhere to 'hang-out' in the hotel. All in all, the hotel was perfectly fine, but I think it would take more than a flat screen TV, and some chrome and marble fittings for me to give it such a high rating. We stayed in Delhi at Shanti Home earlier in our trip - and thats certainly where I would go back to again.	
Dec 7 2008 	Home from Home	My family and I stayed at The Amber in October 2008. We had 1 Premium Room and 1 Executive Room. We did look at the other big hotels in New Deli, but decided to go with this smaller and very modern looking hotel and we were not disappointed with our choice. Both rooms were beautifully furnished with a very contemporary feel. The rooms looked exactly like the photos on the website and were very clean. Breakfast was very good and different every day. The staff were very friendly and could not do enough for you, nothing was too much trouble for them. We felt because the hotel was small, the service and attention to detail was of a very high standard. The location was good and pretty central. Although the hotel itself was in a residential area, it was only 15 minutes walk away from many shops and restaurants. It was also helpful that the hotel had a driver and a car available for day trips. This hotel was definitely a really good find. I'm sure next time we are in Delhi we will definitely be staying there again.	
Nov 12 2008 	Very nice stay	This is indeed a hotel that deserves its ranking. I booked this hotel because of its nice reviews here on tripadvisor and I agree with all the positive remarks already posted. Very nice and helpful staff. Large modern cleam rooms. Nice little restaurant. What more can you ask.	
Nov 11 2008 	Great boutique hotel	We booked the Amber because of the reviews on here and we were not disapointed. We stayed on four different occasions during a month long trip to india and each time we went back it was at least as good as the last time.We stayed in the premium rooms which are slightly larger and offer free internet that works, multi channel big flat screen TV , coffeemaker in the room, mini bar etc etc - in fact every bit as good a room as the Taj Palace where we also stayed and just as clean. We stayed in 101 and 201.Meals are taken in the hotel lobby which is quite small but we also ate in our room several times. There is a 24 hour room service with basic things like club sandwiches and pizzas as well as some limited indian food that is very good but the hotel also sends out for food from three chosen restaurants - an Indian, a Chinese and an Italian - we chose the Indian and the food delivered in about 40 minutes was outstandingly good - way superior to the indian restaurant in the Taj Palace for example.Its also very inexpensive by western standards. We had no Delhi Belly problems whatsoever. Note they have no license for alcohol but will send out for beer and other drinks for you. Try Kingfisher beer in very big bottles for very small money - it goes great with a curry.The service is first class - from the smiling saluting security guard to the boys that take your cases. We left one suitcase and some packages with the hotel between visits with no problems and at no charge. We also used their very cheap and first class laundry service leaving clothes to be done between visits. Hard to criticise. Its in a quiet area quite a way from the airport and they could do a bit more with the roof terrace that would make a nice little sitting out area [ there is nowhere else to sit outside] but all in all this is an absolute gem.	
Oct 27 2008	Excellent hotel!	If you are afraid about cleanness, don't worry...it's very clean and comfortable. Besides, it's a new hotel so, everything is modern. The location is great. It's not a commercial centre. It's a residential zone, so it's calm.The services are also great. Very nice for business travelers and tourists.	
Oct 24 2008 	Nice Place to Stay in a Quieter part of Delhi	The Amber was a pleasant surprise in a seemingly safe area of Delhi. Not much in the immediate vicinity of the hotel but to be honest, the food in the hotel was great so we didn't need to venture out too far.The room (I had a Premium Room) which was extremely spacious was worth the small amount extra. The bathroom was massive and water was always hot which is not common in Delhi.Breakfast was basic but to be honest, substantial enough in the heat and before facing another day in Delhi.The only one thing that I thought could have been improved on was the quality of the drivers that the hotel called on as a taxi service. Many of them were quite rude and when we went sightseeing, they took us to where they thought we wanted to go rather than where we asked to go which was quite frustrating as we only had very limied time being there on business. I know this is not the hotels fault but it would be great if they used drivers that were friendly and more obliging.All in all, I would definitely recommend this hotel and I would stay there again.	
Sep 8 2008 	Best New Boutique Hotel in Delhi	My fiance and I stayed recently at The Amber Hotel and we were very happy with this hotel. In fact this is the first review we've ever posted on TripAdvisor, because it's such a little gem of a hotel - we wouldn't be surprised if it overtakes the others in the rankings.We were looking for a middle-range luxury boutique hotel in Delhi - and if you've searched the net as much as we have you know there's probably less than 5 hotels in that category in Delhi.Delhi hotels seem to be 2 extremes: either extremely grand and expensive (aka The Imperial) or &quot;3-Star&quot; hotels - if you've stayed at a 3-star in Delhi, you know what to expect (basic facilities, a little outdated, not very modern, and a bit overpriced - so not always matching 3-4 star standards). So for a few extra dollars $150/night, we stayed at this very modern, quiet and up-and-coming hotel. We booked the Amber directly and we got complimentary breakfast included (nice assortment of pastries, toast, fruit etc....) - they also have a restaurant and breakfast buffet downstairs (nicely arranged next to an indoor water fountain). We were surprised by how modern the hotel is - didn't realised it's only less than 1 year old so everything looks new (furniture, bed linen, floors, pictures...). The room facilities were very good. They have the typical toiletries (complimentary shampoo - which incidentally is the same brand they use at The Imperial and that hotel is in the $300-$400 range!) But here's something we didn't get at The Imperial - a Hair Comb! We thought it was nice touch to get a personalised Comb that says &quot;The Amber&quot; (so we kept it). You also get very good towels, hairdryer, room slippers, shoe shine (we kept that too), tea/coffee facilities (though they could do with a few more chocolates in the fridge) and a very nice Plasma Cable TV.The service was very good and very personable. Because it's a smaller hotel you do interact with the same staff a lot more so it's not a different face every night serving you room-service or different person behind reception. They arranged some 'emergency' transportation for us (our planned driver had an unplanned accident) and suggested some restaurants nearby to eat out - so they were very helpful.In terms of negatives, it's a struggle to fnd some because they were honestly very good .... but if we had to say some... maybe 1 or 2 instances when we had to repeat a few things to clarify some things we were saying in english but it's trivial really.... the room service menu is huge but don't get too excited over the Pizza, the kitchen might not be prepared to make it - so please try their local dishes, they're very good.	
Aug 26 2008 	An oasis of calm and stylish luxury in Delhi - AND it's affordable!	What a top-notch boutique hotel. This property is so well-executed that you'd seriously think that you were in Barcelona or Miami Beach. The rooms are comfortable and feature satellite television, the food is good, the bathrooms are immaculate - what else could you ask for in Delhi?I was only there for 12 hours in transit before catching an early morning train to Agra. The hotel was even nice enough to book my train ticket for me and had it ready when I checked in, saving me the horrible agony of having to pick it up at will call at the train station. Anyone who's ever dealt with buying or picking up a ticket an Indian railway station knows what I mean. They did charge a small service for this, but it was very reasonable (maybe only 200-300 rupees).The best/worst thing about the hotel is the location. It's in a quiet residential neighborhood which was perfect for people like me who didn't really want to be in Delhi in the first place, but it may seem kind of isolated to independent travelers who prefer to explore things on their own. You'd likely need to use the hotel car and driver to get anywhere as I didn't really see many taxis or rickshaws around there, but I was there in the middle of the night so maybe I just missed them. There is a big hospital across the street so I'm assuming that you probably could get one there.	
May 21 2008 	Excellent hotel!	I saw the one review of the Amber and went to the hotel website and booked a room. I was really nervous about it since the rates were so much lower than other hotels in New Delhi, but I decided to give it a shot. Wow, was I impressed! This hotel is gorgeous. We arrived late at night and there was a security guard at the front door which I appreciated. The front desk staff was adequate, but not overly friendly. But the room was gorgeous. The basic room is exactly as depicted on the webiste. ...gorgeous wood floors, a very comfortable bed, a nice modern bathroom, a great TV, and the list goes on. We were on the inside facing into the courtyard area so I heard zero street noise. My only advice is too book your own driver, as their driver service was about twice as much as the other quotes we got from other companies.We did not try the breakfast, but one morning there was a buffet which was included in the room rate. But the next morning there was no buffet and we ordered off the menu and it was included in the room rate as well.I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 23 2008 	Excellent Boutique Hotel	An excellent property of a converted Delhi mansion in the South of Delhi. AmbianceA modern glass and marble entrance to a front desk with a small seating area and adjoining dining tables. This was obviously the living room / dining room of the home. There is a smal courtyard that rises all the way thru the four floors of the hotel. LocationCentral location in Delhi about 20 minutes from the rail station and 40 from the airport with typical Delhi traffic. I am not sure whether the location might be a bit hard to find by a typical cab driver as the building is in a residential area. The RoomA modern European architecture with the mix of fine wood and glass finish. The room is well appointed with large closets, a LCD TV, mini-bar and many other amneties can be secured through the front desk. (i.e. DVD Players, etc). A great selection of channels as they are using the Tata premium satellite service a feature that not even The Imperial Hotel currently offers. This might sound a bit unimportant but when one is traveling thru India, most TV reception is restricted to a slate of 3 or 4 English speaking channels. The bed was firm and comfortable and bedding was of excellent quality. The pillows were plenty and quite comfortable. The restroom is well appointed with a glass encased rainfall shower and hot water was a plenty; ServiceExcellent response and attention as one should expect in India. The staff was very helpful and attentive and could easily communicate via Hindi or English. The only misstep was when it took a bit long for the room service to be cleared out.FoodI arrived very late in the evening and the kitchen was able to create a good replica of Penne Bolognese. The food come within 20 minutes after the kitchen captain came up to the room for the order. PriceA very good value at 6500-7500 Rupees. Similar 4/5 star hotels will be in the 9000-15000 Rupees. The food service was actually relatively inexpensive for this type of hotel in India. Usually I would spend 600-800 Rupees for a meal and my bill came under 300. Final Comments:Actually a bit hesitant in posting this review as this hotel almost qualifies as a hidden gem and jeopardize their availability for my next stay trip to Delhi. However, I was so favorably impressed from my usual stays at The Imperial, Taj or Ambassador, that they well deserve it.	
Dec 14 2008 	Hotel sympatique		
