	weekend holidya	Good property, reccomend stay	
	capital dreams	Warm and cozy rooms, plush interiors, nice service and tasty food. Good connectivity for business and tour planner available in the hotel. Nice service for the value paid.	
Nov 17 2009 	Excellent service-would stay there again	Whilst the hotel is very plush and elegant it still had that comfy feeling. We were made very welcome and nothing was too much trouble	
Nov 8 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	Great place to stay in Delhi. The hotel is designed with class and ambience. Had meals in quite a few of the restaurants and all of them were superb. Even tried the Bill Clinton meal in one! It's pretty big and can keep 3 people happily fed!	
Nov 3 2009 	banging all night	Having just got back from delhi and staying in different hotels in delhi { imperial,bristol and raddison} we decided to have a night at the ITC maurya new delhi. the room was so cramp it was the worst room out of all the others we stayed in. there must be better rooms for hotel like this one, some work started in the early hours in our next room and there was banging all night we didnt sleep a wink, tried to phone to reception got no answer and it cost nearly double than all the other hotels. the dublin bar was ok thats all. never again will i stay there staff was ok but didnt offer us a apology, it was the last night of our holiday and the worst.while we was thererecommended to stay looking back on the holiday i cant understand why i didnt complain	
Oct 12 2009 	ITC - ND	One of the nicest hotels. Excellent partys, lots of young people, the only place u can eat good food 24/7 	
Sep 14 2009 	Nice Digs in New Delhi	After traveling for 7 weeks around the world my babysitter and children voted this their favorite hotel. We stayed in tower suites and I am not sure how those rooms compare to other rooms in the hotel. We had two rooms and they were identical. The mosaic shower, large bathtub, nice sized room and attentive service were mentioned as favorites. Everyone loved the coffee, tea and hot chocolate that was served before bedtime and as part of the wake up call. The large outside pool was perfect for an afternoon reprieve from the August Indian heat.The executive floor was nice but not nearly as spectacular from food availability as other executive floors around the world. The nightly offerings for snacks could have been better, but the atmosphere was sophiticated and stylish. The breakfast buffet at the restaurant downstairs had plenty of tasty offerings and the staff made sure that if anyone wanted or needed anything their desires were satisfied. The hotel security appears to be high because of other events in the country. It is impossible to get into the hotel without having your car checked and luggage x-rayed and body searched. One never knows how safe you can be if someone wants to do something, but it appears that the property takes security matters seriously.The only downside to the hotel is the large number of AA and Finnair flight crews do monopolize the business center computers periodically during the day. In the future I plan on staying at the ITC Maurya in New Delhi.	
Sep 13 2009 	Unbeatable Service 	My father and I stayed here together last month. We always stay at the Maurya when in Delhi. We'd asked for a room with twin beds and when we arrived and saw the room, it felt a little cramped. When we asked the guest service manager if he could do something about it, he immediately upgraded us to a wonderful deluxe room, which felt big enough to be a suite. The only issue was that it only had a double bed, but with separate duvets, it wasn't a problem. I ate several meals at the hotel. The Bukhara is an old tradition of mine and yes, while it may be sometimes erratic in quality, I still love it. My standard order is the leg of lamb, daal and naan. I still love the place. The coffee shop has an excellent spread for breakfast, can't complain about anything there. They have all the usual congees, bacon and eggs as well as the indian specialities, which I love to eat when in India. The lunch buffet, the day I ate there, was during a Keralan special day and they had a lot of South Indian specialities. In order to save time, I just asked the waiter to bring all six dishes to my table, which they kindly did. My Humble House - their Chinese restaurant, was just OK by my opinion. We had dinner there and I've had better. But I generally don't like Indian Chinese restaurants. West View - now this is an interesting place. You go thorough a whole slew of dishes from sea food to meat. Again, while the quality is good, I generally prefer local food while in Delhi. Golf Bar - regular bar with a golfing theme. Had Lembu Paani, fresh lime with sugar and salt, delicious.Dublin - Excellent bar. This hotel had a complimentary happy hour from 6 to 8 pm!! Seriously! Ok the whiskey is red label rather than black, but if you have the vodka they'll serve the Smirnoff, which will suffice. Four vodka martinis and dinner is so much better! My only negatives: a) the internet in the room's pretty expensive, yes it is free in the business centre, but I want to use it in the room. b) in an amazingly perfect room, there was a power outlet that must have been recently installed and it was shockingly not level. Normally I wouldn't notice it, but everything else in the room was perfect. c) The bathroom was fully stocked with excellent toiletries, but replenishment wasn't uniform. All items were not replenished daily.	
Sep 2 2009 	ok but overpriced	i stayed at this hotel, booked from the internet, all though december is high season .The rooms are large and comes with all mod cons of five star hotel. my check in was quick as being a gold member of starwood hotels. staff were lot friendly and always knew my name .internet was free and so was breakfast come with room rates. I also had dinner at hotel which was lot expensive than other hotels i have stayed in asia. apart from that, hotel was very nice place to stay.To hotel restu Bukhara please the food is great but price is not its not paris its delhi ,please review your prices .	
Aug 31 2009 	friends night out	I went to this hotel this august on my b'day.It was a impulsive decision and we just dropped in. This hotel is extremely well placed in terms of connectivityThe most famous resutrant in this hotel is bukhara and dal bhukara is the delicacy ( takes around 12 hrs to make it)lavishly decorated main gallery slips into a host of luxary shopping storesThe other side is the resturants and a beautiful swimming pool( which i feel is not good enuf to swim but to just lie and soother your nerves)I've been in this place a lot of time and spent countless nights in it's lobbyI frankly like the crowd here although people who come here are a little old but it's not one of those hotels which are painfully silent.a date, or a b'day party or a romantic getaway is what i'd recommend this one for	
Aug 19 2009 	Excellent Hotel with Excellent Food.	Hotel rooms are very well decorated, very clean and trendy. Food at the main restaurant was really outstanding. The Staff was great with little delays for the check out. The area is not the best of the city and also the Back view was really bad. The hotel is an excellent place to stay in DELHI.	
Aug 11 2009 	Definitely 5*	As far as I can see every 5* hotel in India is amazing. This hotel was more so as it literally had everything you could ever need. ( if they didnt have something that you wanted, they would get it for you ). Food and bars very good and very entertaining. Well worth a visit.	
Aug 3 2009 	Space for improvements	Just returned from my jurney in India. I had two seperate stays at Maurya and my general impression is that there is some space for improvements left. It might be that some thinks changed due to recession but failures which shouldn't happened includes:-wake up call automated service didn't work properly, that's why afterthat I requested personal wake up call which was either late for 15 minutes and provided again with automated service. From that point I missed an important meeting that day.-Housekeeping department should be focused on small things, placed in room, not to be missed. There should't be discrepance on ameneties in separete rooms.-They advertise Executive lounge but one is not in funcion. Having drinks in basement in Dublin at 6PM is realy not an unforgatable experience, although Dublin itself is nice. As I am Platinum I was offered having drinks in Tower lounge, but again very limited service.-Temperature at Delhi is too hot to spend a couple of hours near the pool, but having service available in order to buy yourself some drinks would be a nice gasture.-Confirmed Pick up service at railway station failed, concierge told me that they sent a car, but we will never know if we really missed each other or not.I personally expected (based on experience of other collegues) upgrade to ITC One based on my status - but this is completelly my fault. But after changing the room where I was woken up due to mainanace (which is a good part as wake up call didn't work again) It would be unwritten rule to treat a guest at least with a fruit platter or bottle of wine in order to say that you are sorry. If not upgrading at that time.Generaly don't get impression that this is the worst property, but as I said there is a room for improvement. Personally I will pick up another location next time.	
Jul 28 2009 	Top Delhi Hotel	Located very close to the International Airport, this 5 star hotel is located in the green diplomatic enclave. However there is still some distance to go to the centre of the city and all the sights.The service and the rooms are of excellent quality and certainly as expected fo any 5 star hotel in the world. Staff do try and do as much as they can to help and are prompt in their service. The rooms are very clean, modern, well featured and above all very comfortable. The hotel has most features you would expect like a swimming pool and spa and has numerous top notch restaurants.The only drawback could be that the hotel is expensive given the local cost of living. However you can't go wrong by staying here.	
Jul 25 2009 	Good facilities but disappointing service	Stayed here for 5 nights in July for business.First the positives:+ Nice location in a quite part of the town (Diplomatic Enclave)+ Large, clean rooms with good amenities ... Molton Brown bath products a nice touch of luxury+ Great restaurant selection and food, although expensive (especially the alcohol)+ Very nice spa ... one of the best massages that I've had in a long timeNow, the reasons why I would NOT recommend this hotel:- Front desk ... non-smoking room that I reserved was &quot;given away&quot; to another guest. Guy at check-in took 15 minutes to figure out what to do with me, and I could hear him telling the manager that my rate didn't quality for a better room ... not very professional- Restaurant ... breakfast can be extremely busy and the staff does not deal with the chaos well. My colleague and I on separate occasions had our tables given away to another guest while we got up to get some coffee- Room service ... messed up my order and took forever to resolve. And on top of that, the food wasn't very good	
Jul 15 2009 	Love the Maurya Sheraton	I stayed at the Maurya Sheraton in September, 1984. Your quiz doesn't go back that far. I LOVED it! It was beautiful and one could really experience Indian culture. I had excellent service . I took a cab in every day to be with friends in Vijay Nagar. I went on a tour of Delhi, New Delhi and Agra and saw the Taj Mahal.The whole trip was an exotic paradise. I hope I get the opportunity to stay there again.Reneé T. Armstead(Beachwood, Ohio)	
Jun 21 2009 	Grand Palace !	What a grand welcome this great hotel offers! This was the same hotel Bill Clinton chose to stay during his visit to India.No doubt I too was completely overwhelmed by the grandiosity of this place.This is surrounded by one of the greenest places in Delhi.Located in the heart of Diplomatic enclave this hotel in very convenient for meetings with politicians.I stayed here overnight for our business meeting in an executive suite in New Tower .Food was great as usual, delicious, vibrant display and great variety.The bathroom utility products are also of very good qualityThe price is surprisingly low as compared to other well known business hotels in Delhi.You can book your stay thru website which offers great prices.In all a magnificient place to stay.It's a landmark hotel to witness the richness of Indian heritage.	
Jun 18 2009 	ITC Maurya New Delhi	Only had the pleasure of staying here for one night, but as with all the ITC hotels I have stayed in, everyone was friendly and helpful..The rooms were spacious and very clean.We ate in the hotel that evening and had a selection of sushi, which was lovely, we were celebrating a birthday that evening and they made the evening extra special.The hotel is a little way from the the sights - short cab ride its well worth to sometimes escape and be in a relaxing environment..	
Jun 15 2009	Excellent property the best indian food	very well located, great property, looks old from outside but well appointed inside. the best is the indian food restaurant- bukhara. overall food is exceptional in the hotel.	
Jun 13 2009 	Luxury hotel in Delhi suits business and leisure travellers	Stayed at Maurya hotel for 2 days. On my arrival day, I had some time over and could enjoy the pool. Very good service and friendly staff. On one night, I needed cash for the day after and reception send their car to take me to nearest ATM. As a single woman traveller, the transfer to airport was complementery. I had a room on Star Guest Prefered Floor -Room 1505. Very interesting painting in the main lobby. One thing though which I found strange : when I needed a car for a day, I didn't receive an official price list for car renting....instead the answer was a little bit confused and unclear. The stay was very good overall. But be ready that restaurants in the hotel are quite expensive. I had Lunch Buffet, it was really good, costs 2000INR.	
Jun 13 2009 	Magnificent Maurya	I had stayed in Maurya, as part of my business visit to Delhi. My overall experience was just amazing..1. The room's warm colors give you a sense of peace and comfort, especially at the end of an arduous day2. Each room has its own mini-bar - stocked with the best alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks3.The swimming pool was large and very well maintained4. There was rich variety in food - plenty to choose from (Buffet at coffee shop, Bukhara, Drinks at the club etc) 5. Prompt room service6. Very helpful staff - (for instance, they never showed me directions but actually led me to the place)Truly delightful experience overall - would love to return..	
Jun 11 2009 	Best hotel for dining out in North India	The Maurya has the best selection of North Indian food. The hospitality is great - you are in a special world right from the time that the doorman greets you. I love the lobby - one can conduct a full-fledged business meeting right there. The rooms are lovely and the offers like the trip to the Taj Mahal are really well thought-through. I also like the shopping arena in the hotel which is open at unearthly hours for the last-minute shopper. The attention to detail in the restaurants is wonderful - it is easy to make friends among the lovely staff.	
Jun 10 2009 	Expected More	Stayed for a night and honestly was left a tad bit disappointed. It was alright. The food in the chinese was exp and ok. The room was big but didn't care much for it. Wouldn't return	
Jun 10 2009 	Great Hospitality	Just two points to make, great hospitality and good food at bukara.	
Jun 8 2009 	Good HotelGreat Location	One of good hotels in New-Delhi.Excellent Location.Nearby to India Gate.Located near to all Embassies.	
Jun 7 2009 	All you can ask for in a Starwood Hotel only 15 mins from airport	The ITC Maurya has all the facilities (gym, pool, spa) that you will need to feel comfortable. Rooms were very clean with excellent attention to detail. Business center offered free internet use. Internet in rooms was expensive but inline with other 5-star western hotels. Food in hotel is excellent. The restaurants here are well known and local wealthy Indians dine and party here. Bars are supposedly well known but I didn't go to any of them. Pool is nice and you can swim laps. Gym is excellent and the spa looks great as well.The only problem I had was that some of the staff weren't as friendly and helpful to my wife and I because we were not business folks, but travellers dressed in casual clothes and sandals. The travel desk wasn't particularly helpful when we needed to get a train and they told us that they'd call the bus station for a bus schedule but they never did.The only other thing I was annoyed of is that the hotel taxis will try to tout you. They don't like to make one way trips so they will try to tout you and ask you if they can stay and wait for you at your destination. Often times, it's just cheaper to walk onto the street and grab and auto rickshaw.	
Jun 5 2009	awesome experience	its a great hote. great rooms. Awesome service. Good food. overall a great experience	
Jun 4 2009 	Great Hotel with a Class of its own	Its a very good hotel to stay with I liked it as its half way from Airport and the CP. The hotel has a class of its own with very modern looks of rooms, the staff is very prompt, the service is very good and every minute details is taken care off when you stay with them. Has very good choice of food with very good Indian style restaurant. In general its a worth stay I had, good rooms, prompt service, very good food and a great place all equipped to have a business deal	
Jun 4 2009 	Fantastic Stay	I am frequent traveler to Delhi and had the opportunity to stay at this iconic hotel. The rooms are fantastic. the re-done bathrooms with clean lines are nice. the modern looks make it truly on par with any other 5 star hotel room across the world.The food is expensive ( no surprises there huh ?) but they do have good room service and I was also offered free breakfast for some strange reason. :-)	
Jun 3 2009 	Loved the Oriental Food- Humble House	Clearly, this is one of the most happening hotels in India, Speedy, efficient service. Great location in the Diplomatic Enclave. Terrific food and theme restaurants. A great coffee shop.	
Jun 3 2009 	Loved the Ambience	The hotel ambience is fantastic. The room was good and I really enjoyed the spread of the breakfast buffett. It was an overnight stay for me and I really liked everything about the hospitality which the hotel provided.	
Jun 3 2009 	Not that good	The experience at Maurya was bad to say the least.It looked like a cheap hotel which hasn't been maintained for ages. The food was pretty good but overall the place was bad.The cleanliness was not upto the mark.On the positives, apart from the food, the location was good. It is an ideal place in Delhi.To the readers, my views may look a bit biased but overall it was not a great place to stay.	
Jun 3 2009 	Passion for comfort	Hotel Mourya is crown of historic city of Delhi.During business stay they provide all luxury and comforts which really miss in other place.Good food and warmth service are the tool which fetch you again and again in Hotel Mouya	
Jun 2 2009 	the best hospitality	one of the best hotels in Delhi with positive vibes and always look lively. The BEST HOSPITALITY never found any where else in the world.	
Jun 2 2009 	Excellent Service	The best part of my stay at ITC was that they never let me feel that i was away from my home and looked after my comfort	
May 19 2009 	Loved 'My Humble House'	Maurya, in many respects, is ahead of the times. It hosts one of India's first discotheques. Service is speedy, efficient &amp; courteous. Food at all the restaurants is great.- My Humble House is extremely quaint and dainty. Terrific coffee at the bar. Great location.	
May 18 2009 	Excellent hotel - would go back again and again	Having stayed in many of Delhi's five star hotels, I thought I would try the Maurya as I got a very good rate. I was not disappointed, especially as I was upgraded to the Towers (the club wing). The room admittedly was not as big as for example the Oberoi, but big enough and very modern. Best feature was the rain shower in the bathroom, beautifully tiled. The Towers has its own breakfast room, which was quiet and lovely, with waiter service and classical music. The Chinese restaurant and 24-hour restaurant were also excellent. The two Indian restaurants are great but really over-priced and a bit pretentious. The gym/spa has recently been re-done and is gorgeous; however the spa rates are astronomical so I didn't go for any treatments. Hotel staff were always professional and helpful, without being obseqious and hungry for tips as they are in some Delhi hotels. All in all, I would definitely come back to the Maurya. My only real complaint is the location, which is a little bit out of the way - but only a little bit.	
May 11 2009 	Fantastic property	One of the best properties have stayed in - food, room service, location, ambience etc.	
May 11 2009 	Hospitality at it best	Having stayed in couple of excellent hotels in &amp; out of India, at first i did not expect any thing different from Maurya when i did my first booking for a business trip to Delhi.But as soon as you enter the huge central Pavilion from front porch (where reception desk is located) , you can't stop looking at bright lighting ,lots of brass &amp; Gold finish elevator doors.Once inside your room, your dream walk to luxury continues with sparking clean interiors, 32 inches LCD TV, cozy bed &amp; variety of fruits &amp; snacks available at your disposable.To cut it short, if you haven't stayed at Maurya still, you have been missing true luxury at it best !!!!!	
May 10 2009 	Pretty OK	Hotel, stay, food, business facility was good. But the neighbourhood is bad	
May 10 2009 	Royal Treatment	Excellent , Superb. Everything was at its best	
May 4 2009 	A Conference with delicious food	It was offical conference organised by my organisation which included introduction to PDMS etc. It was a full day conference with deligates from wide variety of industries. I had a very delicious indian food. Overall Wonderful day's stay at sheraton.	
May 3 2009 	All about Bukhara and Dum Pukth	The hotel was classy and the service was excellent. the highlight, of course, was the food at Bukhara and Dum Pukth. Seems like ITC Maurya is 'the' hangout of celebrities and VVIPs in New Delhi. The only disappointed was an extra bed that we had asked for, which collapsed in the middle of the night while we were sleeping.	
May 3 2009 	Business Travel - Stay at Sheraton Murya	I like Starwood properties around the world so I decided to stay at the Sheraton Murya Hotel in New Delhi.As a Platinum member of the Starwood Preferred Guest programme, I was upgraded to a suite room which was very spacious and had all the amenities.Check-in is always in the same style as other Starwood properties where staff greet their guests with warmth and in style that reflects all Starwood Hotels. I selected my usual 500 Starpoints welcome amenity which helps build up my points for future redemptions.One thing that I love about this hotel is its fine Indian dining at the Bukhara Restaurant. It is probably the best Indian food I have ever eaten and it is high recommended. Try the kebabs and all the tandoori dishes. You will be so full at the end that you will not feel like eating for a few days.In India, the food spread is so large that there is never an end to eating. I love the food there and if you are foodie like I am, you will surely enjoy this hotel.All in all, I highly recommended hotel for business travellers and not to mention for the foodie.	
May 2 2009 	An evening at Bukhara	Bukhara is a world known restaurant for its aromatic and delicious food.	
May 2 2009 	Business Hang out	My husband has stayed at the Maurya Sheraton more than 25 times and I have accompanied him a few. the architecture, Interiors and Rooms are beautifully designed. The Hotel is meant for the creme de la creme, but the beautiful mural dome in the lobby witnesses hundreds of business meetings,people who just come here to have a meeting and then move on! The beauty salon is good as is the famous restaurant 'Bukhara,' with its Daal Bukhara. Breakfast at he Coffee shop is OK. What is good, is that complaints are dealt with efficiently, but at this price, they better be!	
May 2 2009 	Wish I could give it more than 5 Stars......	This is the first time I am staying at the Maurya &amp; I am overwhelmed. Firstly &amp; most importantly by their service. If the hallmark of a fine hotel is to make you feel welcome and at a home away from home the Maurya Sheraton excels in fulfilling this perquisite by a mile.Every member of the staff is helpful, kind, compassionate &amp; cheerful. They go out of their way to make you feel welcome &amp; comfortable. I just requested housekeeping for a firmer mattress for my back problem &amp; the A. Manager of Housekeeping Mr. Kishore Kumar personally landed up to make sure that I was satisfied &amp; comfortable with the arrangements.The rooms are large spacious and well done up. They are certainly better than the ones in the Taj Mansingh &amp; the Oberois. The spa is fantastic &amp; so is the swimming pool.Last but not the least is the amazing food that one can savor in the Maurya. The Dum Pukht &amp; Bukhara are easily two of the finest restaurants for Indian cuisine in Delhi. Even the in room dining at the Maurya is one the finest I have ever experienced.The warm service, fine dining &amp; comfortable accommodation are only some of the reasons why I would love to give the Maurya Sheraton more than 5 stars &amp; strongly recommend it to my fellow travelers on Trip Advisor.	
May 2 2009 	Loved the Restaurant Bukara	An awesome Mughal Experience... This is what I call Dining in Style... The food tastes so delicious here at this restaurant that people should be careful not to eat their own fingers!!	
May 1 2009	Excellent location - excellent service	spent 3 nights there while on a wedding ceremony in Delhi &amp; Kathmandu. Staff is professional and very keen to help you. Many nice details, i.e. room staff can see from outside if room is occupied, there is european plug on the desk, no need for adapters! food is excellent, though we only had breakfast from the huge buffet and one dinner - all other nighs we were out of the hotel.Only criticism: Lobby is too cold and so is the restaurant. If you sit close to an AC outlet you have to wear winter clothes.	
Apr 30 2009 	Loved the ambience	I just have three words to say for this hotel.. Excellent, Fabulous and Magnificent.. Amazing food in Bukhara restaurant. I just love its speciality - Dal Bukhara. Very good brand shops are also available in the hotel for shopping. It is one of the poshest restaurant of New Delhi. Most of the foreign country ministries stays there during their visit to India. Hotel is landmark of luxury. And honestly speaking, one cannot raise a finger against their service. Its ambience has copious alluring content. I am also fully gratified by their serivce.	
Apr 26 2009 	Outstanding and Palatial	I have stayed at this hotel a few times in the past several months and its service and quality of rooms seems to impress me more on each visit.The attention to detail in each room is perfect. Nothing is there that does not work, and everything you need is in place from the get go - including the simplest need of an iron and board.The room rate may be high, the restaurants on the expensive side, but the hotel does not overcharge for items such as the internet or the laundry (compared to other 5+ star hotels around the world).The service is impeccable and totally reliable - pleasant and courteous staff go out of their way to make your stay a memorable one.	
Apr 23 2009	Loved It	It is one of the most comforting hotes with nice rooms and excellent food. It always nice to come and visit the hotel	
Apr 23 2009 	Excellent Dining Options	On check-in they directed me to a club room which was stinking of cigar smoke. On complaining they shifted me to a non-smoking room, but it was not a club room. I didn't argue with the front desk as the room was comfortable enough. The whole check-in process delayed my schedule by nearly an hour. The room was well-equipped with all amenites. The restaurants in this hotel are excellent. Ate one night at My Humble House, which is part of the Tung Lok Group, which have many award winning restaraunts in Singapore and Taipei. Great ambience and superb food, but frightfully expensive. A more reasonable option is the West View Grill which had an impressive Grill Buffet, with excellent variety of seafood and meats, besides a decent salad bar. I would probably stay here again purely for the dining options, as this hotel also houses the famed Bukhara and Dum Pukt restaraunts, the best known Indian restaraunts in India.	
Apr 22 2009	Great weddin	I had gone to maurya to attend a family function. I must say its d best hotel Ive visisted so far. The ambience was awesome, the food sumptuous..the decor was great.. services were prompt..A very nice experience indeed..I loved the cold coffe with ice cream there :)	
Apr 20 2009 	Bukhara is the best!	The hotel needs no introduction as it has hosted some of the most world famous dignitarties including Bill Clinton. The massage chair, the jacuzzi tub in the bathroom, the music system are my favourites and hence I enjoyed staying here several times in the last 5 years.I would recommend the ITC One rooms as they are an experience in themselves.I also enjoyed the food at Bukhara and entertaining a few clients there for business has provded helpful.The staff, one of the best!You can also enjoy the world class piano by Brian Sylas here. He is too good on the piano and his fingers seems to have some magic.	
Apr 20 2009 	Excellent- The Maurya	Excellent personalised services. Food is of the highest qualtiy. Excellent restaurants- The Bhukara is the best in India. Good loyalty program, the Welcomaward. Happy hours, at the Towers lounge is worth mentioning as excellent.	
Apr 19 2009 	At ITC Maurya	For the business traveler to Delhi, it is the perfect hotel. Conveniently located, good facilities, nice food. The hotel upgraded me - I was glad. The upgraded room was wonderful. I particularly liked the massage chair in the room and the music system - enjoyed listening to Delhi FM channels in the morning while getting ready :-)The size of the property is something that you cannot miss - and that too in the middle of the city.I like the hotel's relative closeness to the airport.Would certainly recommend this for your next Delhi visit.	
Apr 17 2009 	Great Food	This is one hotel property i love to go to time and again. Also a great place to go to with friends or business guests for the food at Buhkara. Recommend a stay at this hotel to anyone who wants to be close to the great food at Mauyra.	
Apr 17 2009 	Luxury hotel famous for its food	The Maurya is a grand hotel. I have stayed there a number of times in different room types. In all cases I found the rooms to be very well outfitted, spacious and ideal for the business traveler or the tourist. The charges are steep in comparison to other hotels however you can see why once you have stayed there. The service is very good and they are eager to take care of your every request. The highlight of the Maurya are its two restaurants The Bukhara and Dum Pukht. Both serve different but unique kinds of Indian cuisine however beware the food is not easily digested by those that have not earned it. A good workout before or after a meal at one of these places is recommended. The Hotel is located near the posh diplomatic area of New Delhi and hence is in relatively verdant and peaceful surroundings.	
Apr 16 2009 	Loved the ambience	It was a wonderful experience &amp; started the moment the check-in formalities started. The front office staff were extremely courtious &amp; their 'namaste' welcome with their smiles takes out all your stress.The room was very well - just right temperature &amp; right lux for the retiring eyes after a stressful day. More importantly the Indianness in the ambience all around, shows the great heritage of India.	
Apr 14 2009 	Excellent rooms	All five star hotels in India are majestic and oversized - this is no exception. Great rooms in the main area - Platinum members, I would not take the upgrade to the ITC tower, rather ask for it in the main tower; newer and larger rooms. Only drawback is constant problems with internet access.Bhukara and Dhum Pukt are v. expensive but excellent restaurants. Bfast is average.	
Jan 24 2009 	A busy hotel!	I love returning to Delhi and always find it a challenge to find a suitable hotel, with good value and location. On a business trip in end Sep-Oct 2008, I had to stay in The Murya for multiple reasons. One thing during my entire stay remained a constant and that was the matchless South-Asian hospitality that began with the chauffer-drive from Delhi airport (DEL) and then on to a warm traditional welcome in the hotel lobby, check-in and right thru to the check out that included a goodbye present and a voucher to use the ITC lounge at DEL. . Not to miss out on the excellent service provided by the concierge, breakfast buffet &amp; beauty salon staff! Apart from some general information issues when approaching staff (maybe because a lot interns are probably working on some shifts) my stay remained hassle-free. Upon first impressions one is quite impressed by the dominating and eye-catching mural painted by renowned Krishen Khanna on the domed-ceiling of the lobby. However the rest of the interiors are a bit dated except from a few upgraded floors. I stayed in an Executive Floor room which I assume was their entry level room. Had no issues with it except that it was a bit on smallish side for a week’s stay. Comfort as promised by Starwood properties with a choice of pillows that boggles your senses. Good room service and great breakfast. Although I find the two restaurants Bukhara and Dum Pukht over priced and overrated. Although the food is great! And how can I forget the Sticky Date pudding with butter scotch sauce at the Dublin Bar. Interestingly enough when I had a mid-night raving for the same, the room service staff made sure that although it was not available on the room service menu in the early morning hours arrange it for me...now that is service!I had a smooth one-week long stay with a truly amazing culinary experience including a breakfast to look forward to and a very friendly beauty salon. In fact I shopped from the little arcade- something I avoid doing at large hotels but I could simply not resist.The only down-side if on a holiday is the crowded lobby as some airline crew stay there and the hotel also hosts many conferences, seminars as well as receives dignities from around the world. Otherwise contrary to some reviews that consider it over-rated to be in the Luxury Collection of Starwood properties, it is a good hotel mainly because of its level of service.	
Jan 8 2009 	A good stay for the business traveler	Stayed here one night for business in the Towers section of the hotel. Room was nice with all the amenities. Tried to book a round of golf in the few hours we had through the concierge and were told that one course was booked and the other was closed. Enjoyed the Dublin Bar happy hour with co-workers from 6-8 PM. They kept on serving free onion rings, chicken fingers and nuts. Also, my co-workers and myself were not charged for any of the drinks. Never got the final word on that, but did happy hour mean free drinks from 6-8PM? Lastly, had dinner at Bukhara and have to say it was well worth it. Everyone will tell you this is where the Clinton's ate when they visited the hotel and if I remember correclty they even have some type of &quot;Clinton&quot; special. I would reccomend reservations because my group had to wait about 30 minutes on a weeknight at around 8:00 PM (after happy hour of course). My biggest complaint was the gym, if you want to call it that. They must have been renovating because it was a handful of cardio machines and a tiny amount of dumbells crammed into what looked like a renovated hotel room.	
Nov 9 2008 	Great Hotel in Delhi	Somewhat expensive but excellent stay in this hotel. Spacious rooms, great amenities.	
Nov 3 2008 	Good but not too great	The rooms at this hotel were great. I only had trouble with check-in and service in general. I had booked 2 rooms but when I arrived at the hotel, only 1 of them was ready. We had to wait for about an hour before the other room was ready. Most of the staff were literally salivating for tips. They all greet you hypocritically hoping that you'll drop a tip in their direction.I think it would be better to stay at the Sheraton in Saket which is cheaper as well as newer.	
Sep 21 2008 	great place	wonderful hotel. stayed in a towers room which was a little small but the quality of the room and elec toys made up for it. massive flat screen tv. great hotel overall, good choice of restaurants, make sure you visit the Bukhara Restaurant, amazing food. Overall kind of expensive place to stay but most 5 * in Delhi are	
Aug 15 2008 	v-e-r-y disappointed.	What I hate more than anything is looking at photos on a travel site and on arrival the room looks NOTHING like that.I was excited to stay at the &quot;best hotel in Delhi&quot;, I had three nights booked.Things didn't start well on my arrival to the Maurya, the hotel had some visiting dignitary and made your arrival seem like it was an inconvenience. Plus, having a pat down and your bags x-rayed and searched as you entered the hotel wasn't comforting.........yes, I'm whining, but I don't do it often, so please forgive me.After requesting a &quot;non-smoking room&quot;, I was put in a smoking room, I returned back down to the reception and after a long wait and a death stare, finally I was put in a non-smoking room.Other negatives:The gym was under construction, so a small room was made into a temporary gym room. Don't bother putting your do not disturb sign on your door, coz it was ignored on m-a-n-y occasions. Aghhhhh!Careful about the charges for a hotel taxi, and if you order your own through reception, ask for an AC car, otherwise they will automatically order a non-AC at the same cost.Some positives:The breakfast buffet was outstanding and the staff happy and helpful.The spa, the head massage was excellent!Bukhara restaurant, simply awesome.The pool yummy.This was my forth visit to India, my last to the Maurya.Sorry to be so negative.Penny	
Jul 31 2008 	Amazing luxury	Hotel looks spectacular and seems to be a favourite of Delhi's rich and famous. I had a room in The Towers which I loved: large, with very tasteful decoration, a wonderful bed and a massage chair. Staff very friendly and efficient. Bukhara is a top-rated restaurant which you have to experience: tandoori eaten without cutlery. Afterwards I can recommended the laundry service that makes your shirt look better than new! My only complaint was a disputed bill from the taxi service: make sure they details their charges to you beforehand.	
Jul 27 2008 	Solid performance	Stayed at the Executive Level in a newly renovated room. Good size room with stable internet connection. Nice bathroom with a glass separation to the bedroom.Very nice touch by room assistant who added personal touch to housekeeping.Breakfast buffet (incl. in rate) offers good choice in Western and Indian food. One point I like about this hotel is that I do not have to hail a taxi and travel around to have my favorite meal downstairs at Bukhara.	
Jun 15 2008 	the preferred residence of visiting heads of state and global business leaders	I had previous experience of this hotel, each marred by something really irritating and/or stupid (from trying to get toiletries delivered to the room, to discrimination in the bar). I have also stayed in most classes of rooms, from basic through to ITC One, and used all bars and restaurants at one time or another. So this wasn't a stab in the dark.My gmail account was blocked by the archimedian internet; some of our reservations were invisible at check-in (of course they were very clear at check-out!); food hygiene is not a priority here (giving support to my theory that it's the 'clean' places that do for you in India); though there often seems more staff than guests, getting staff to do anything is often impossible due to demarcation.As this is (“the preferred residence of visiting heads of state and global business leaders for over 25 years&quot;, it should be better. It probably is for that class of guest. But the hotel demonstrates little interest in others. The Maurya management should look to The Sonar (Kolkata) for guidance...On a positive note, the Towers Club staff are great, as are the Poolside staff; the renovated rooms are a great improvement, especially as the windows now fit...	
Jun 6 2008 	Good hotel but take out a mortgage if you use the Dublin bar.	I stayed at the ITC Maurya a couple of times in May '08.The welcome was very good, as was the check in. The room was small but otherwise was very good indeed with a superb bathroom and walk in &quot;wetroom&quot; type shower. Being somewhat of a 'gadget nut', I was impressed by the amount of thought which must have gone into equipping, furnishing and decorating the rooms. The remote control for all the lights was a nice touch, as was the plasma tv. There is a separate floor which is exclusively for single female guests so they can feel more secure in their rooms.Breakfasts could be taken in a number of different locations in the hotel and all were excellent.The public areas in the hotel were in many cases, sumptuous. There is a very nice outdoor pool, a superbly equipped business lounge and an up-market shopping mall in the hotel itself.The only bad thing was the cost of eating and drinking at the hotel. The 'Dublin bar' was the obvious choice but even during 'happy hour' where drinks were half price, they were still eye-bulgingly expensive. After 8PM, you needed a second mortgage to be able to pay the bill!The other slight problem is that the hotel is not an easy walk from any other shops or restaurants although we did eat away from the hotel wherever possible.On stepping out from the hotel, I was invariably pestered by taxi drivers and 'tuc tuc' (motorised rickshaw) drivers. They did not seem to understand the concept of going for a walk and were typically agressive and pestering with their touting.All in all a superb hotel although expensive by any country's standards.	
May 16 2008 	Expensive hotel but it was GREAT!!!	Stayed for 1 night in the hotel for a recent business trip. As it was a last minute booking, I have no choice but to book directly from the hotel and was booked in a deluxe suite paying a hefty USD630 per night. Definitely the most expensive hotel I have stayed in!!!!! Then again hotels in India are never cheap which is a sharp contrast to the poverty scattered in the city.......very ironical indeedArrived late in the evening and did not really get to enjoy the hotel as I have to check out at 6:00 am the next morning without having to enjoy the breakfast. Check in was prompt and upon entering the room, was impressed with the size and the great comfort the room offers. There is a living room which is separated from the bedroom, the bathroom was spacious with the cabinet located in the bathroom. There are 2 LCDs TVs in the room which is a thoughtful gesture and was equipped with a good working table which is important for business traveller. Internet access was expensive though compared to other ASEAN hotels. The bed was comfortable and the nice gesture of having scented oil to soothe you for a relaxing rest in definitely well thought of. While I did not get to enjoy the breakfast,had dinner at the cafe with my agent and this buffet dinner is very expensive at more than USD60 per person. The spread is not very extensive compared tp what I see in Singapore and definitely not worth the price. Perhaps it was a Saturday, the dinner was more expensive. As we were lazy to venture out of the hotel for dinner and guess buffet is the only choice as we are undecided on what to have.....All I would say is that it's a wrong choice and would have tried other restaurants in the hotel given that there are many other options. The other negative feedback I had about the hotel was its extremely slow checkout and poor service rendered by the staff who has checked me extra for the amount which I have already paid in cash. If not because I was observant, I would have been charged twice. Furthermore, with the rates for deluxe suite, was told it would come with complimentary airport transfer during check in but was told this is not offered at checkout ....definitely another brickbat for the hotel.....	
Mar 19 2008 	Great hotel	Stayed at this hotel for two nights at the beginning of March. The room was clean, the bed was very comfortable with supersoft pillows (my description, guests can choose from a choice of different pillows if they wish). I particularly liked the design of the shower in the bathroom. There was enough room for two armchairs in the room but I have stayed in larger rooms in hotels of a similar calibre. Breakfast was served upstairs and there was a good choice. We had two meals in the pavilion restaurant which were reasonable and one meal in the Dum Phukt which was disappointing. We hired a car (with driver, wouldn't dare drive in Delhi) and he took us to the various sites that we wished to visit and waited while we looked around. Quite expensive, but worth it for our first trip to Delhi. A lovely hotel.	
Mar 18 2008 	Dubya stays here	I went to New Delhi on a business trip and (although a very short stay) I enjoyed my time at the Maurya.There was a very nice pool area and I will be immitating their landscaping in my own backyard. I sat in the lobby waiting on an associate and really enjoyed the live piano player and his &quot;show tunes&quot; from the 30's and 40's.The Pavillion restaurant buffet was fantastic! I wish I had taken my camera so I could have gotten a shot of the desserts...an unbelievable array of decadence. I loved having my own personal French press for my coffee, too. Classy!One of the most renowned restaurants in New Delhi and the world is in the Maurya (I think it's called Bukhara) but I didn't get a chance to dine there.There is a wide array of shops in the hotel and I brought back several beautiful silk scarves for my wife. There were also gorgeous rugs which werre extremely reasonable and could be shipped back to the US. See my photo below.Dubya stays here when he comes to New Delhi...the US Embassy and other diplomatic facilities are just around the corner. The service was excellent and the room comfortable. When I get a chance to come back to India for a personal trip, I will definitely use the Maurya.	
Feb 22 2008 	Great Hotel in New Delhi	Stayed at this hotel for 3 weeks in September of 2007 for work. Room was not very large but sufficient for one person. The hotel staff was very nice and were very eagar to help. There are several restaurants in the hotel. Dublins is a Irish bar which turns into a club at night; a nice place to people watch but the food isn't terrific. Bukhara (which is one of the top restaurants in Asia) is a must for Indian cuisine. You can order their food up to your room or you can dine in. Dum Pukht is another restaurant which is you should dine in. The food was excellent but it is very bright inside the restaurant. I liked the Westview restaurant, you can pick out the food that you want and they will cook it right in front of you. The pool was nice, it wasn't very crowded and the water was warm at that time of year. I wouldn't recommend swimming at dusk because bats occasionally dive bomb the pool. I liked the hotel but it was isolated in the diplomatic enclave and you need a driver to take you around. It doesn't compare to a Ritz Carlton or a Four Seasons but it's one of the nicest hotels in India.	
Feb 6 2008 	Acceptable	I stayed in this hotel from 1/13 to 1/22/08. I had stayed in the adjoining Sheraton Tower last year but I was not too impressed. This time I was in the main Maurya hotel. I had booked the room on the internet. Booking and checkin were very smooth. I was lead to a very spacious suite which was well decorated and clean. I had put in a request for a quiet room and it seems that they had payed attention to this request. Room was turned over twice a day. Bathroom/showers and closet areas were excellent. Breakfast buffet was included in the price [$450] and it was excellent with a great Indian/Western selection. I have only 2 minor quibbles. 1] The breakfat area got quite crowded and chaotic on occasion. 2] Some construction noises were occasionally heard. Overall I had an acceptable experience. The price is steep but that is standard for top hotels in Delhi.	
Jan 1 2008	Wish US based Starwoods were this great	First off, the Starwoods in India make a Platinum guest actually feel appreciated. I wish the US hotels could be as kind. We arrived late from a long set of international flights originating in the US and were quickly ushured to the Towers lobby for a more relaxed check in. Mints and candies were available on the desk and the Rajput unifoirmed doormen took care of our bags.The towers rooms are newly decorated with dark wood accents, an incredible curved mosaic shower, flat panel TVs, a touchscreen panel that controlled the lighting, DND, TV systems. There are bedside sleep aides includes earplugs, eye masks, lavender pillow spray. The hotel features two restaurants featured in the Thousand Things to Do Before You Die book. We tried Dum Puhkt and it was great but we were so sleepy we may not have fully appreciated it.	
Dec 31 2007 	Awesome restaurant	We had a room in the &quot;new&quot; wing (but not the top level), and the rooms were nicely decked out but a little small. A very short overnight stay so didn't get to enjoy most of the hotel's facilities.We did go back for dinner at Bukhara, and it was one of the best Indian meals we have ever had anywhere in the world.	
Dec 17 2007 	Very nice (business) hotel	Spend 2 nights in The Maurya in November.From outside the hotel does not look attractive.... but once you enter the lobby you realize this might be a very nice hotel...The lobby is very nice.Executive rooms were very nice (not very big though). Very well equipped and very clean.Staff was very friendly and helpfull.Main restaurant is very nice place to have lunch or dinner.Even the bar/pub is nice and happened to be a very popular place for the local youngsters.A nice business hotel !	
Dec 11 2007	Great business hotel	We stayed here twice each for one night during out stay in India. This really is a first class business hotel. I booked using Starwood points. My first room was very small and cramped but I was upgraded for my second room to a much larger room with a seating area and huge bathroom.We frequented both bars in the hotel. The Irish themed bar was dark and dingy but surprisingly appeared to be the more exclusive of the two bars. I preferred the golf bar which was just like any other business hotel bar to be honest.I found the concierge most helpful and they were able to track down an India cricket t-shirt for me and have it delivered to the hotel.The best part about this hotel however is the Bukhara tandoori restaurant. Voted one of the best restaurants in the world I ate there twice and on each occasion found the food to be incredible. Go for the raan of lamb, you will not regret it.	
Oct 27 2007 	Great room great service.	We stayed here for a conference in Delhi and LOVED it. Our room was called a Garden View Deluxe suite and was actually the size of two hotel rooms (it seemed that on our floor, there were more of these &quot;double&quot; rooms than the regular rooms.&quot; The hotel was clean, luxurious, and hospitable. Rooms were modern (flat screen Plasma TVs), luxurious bedding, fantastic air conditioning, and were free from any odors even though smoking is common in hotel rooms in India. It is not perhaps five star by U.S. standards - but quite close. Some of our colleagues at the conference stayed at the Taj Palace and the Taj Mahal Mansingh. All agreed that the Sheraton actually had by far the nicest accommodations. Service was outstanding at all three hotels. If I had one complaint, it would be that the walls were a little thin. We could hear our neighbors a little and doors closing in the hallway woke us up a couple of times. However, it wasn't bad enough to really bother us at all. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 25 2007 	Great Hotel	We had a great experience here. Wonderful, updated room with a great bathroom. This was definitely one of the best rooms we had in India. The buffet is also very good.	
Oct 16 2007	Bukhara restaurant is way over rated	Although the hotel is OK (I wouldn't say world class), the restaurant Bukhara, is terrible.The tiny menu forces you to choose from the limited choices they provide. In addition, the waiters seem as if they have never waitered before, different ones coming to ask for a drinks order and a dessert order twice!In addition, I complained that their &quot;Rasmalai&quot; wasn't upto scratch and wasn't an original, the way the rest of India makes. The waiter argued that it was exactly as written and I had it wrong. He had the gall to stand there and argue with me...and didn't even take it off the bill, although we stopped eating it after the first bite.This restaurant is surviving on business travellers with nowhere else to go. Out in the real world of restaurants, their terrible service, average food and expensive prices would make sure they close down fast!	
Sep 22 2007 	Acceptable but not overwhelmingly impressive	Previous reviewers have emphasized that the hotel seems to be overpriced, and with that I am in agreement. While you might expect the hotel to be more impressive, it is simply average by Western standards. However, having emphasized its mediocrity based on western standards, I am told by many that it is one of the best hotels in the city. Moreover, despite the prices, I had no complaints with the hotel.The room was clean with a very comfortable bed, service was acceptable, and breakfast buffet was serviceable. It is a short (20 minute) drive to the airport for approximately $20/hotel sedan and located in the diplomatic center of the city (i.e., near the foreign embassies). If traveling for Delhi for business you can do a lot worse.	
Jun 25 2007 	Great experience	Stayed here for a week for business. I was told my room was upgraded at check-in. On the fire escape map, it did seem that my room (in Tower 1) was indeed a bit larger than others.My room entrance leads to a small hallway that opens to a bathroom and closet area. The bedroom is separate. The room is extremely spacious and modern. In fact, it's one of the nicest hotel rooms I've been in. There is a flat panel TV (37 in?) and several English cable channels were available (HBO, CNN, BBC, Bloomberg, Travel, National Geo, etc.)The breakfast buffet (included with room) is really good. Great selection (Indian and Western). It's hard to not find something suitable. I was afraid of getting stomach bug, but that never happened eating in the hotel.Service is excellent all around. There was a fruit plate in the room that's replenished daily. Chocolate is provided on some days. The linens and towels were always fresh and newish. The front door staff (in white traditional uniforms) were always cheerful and ready to help.Check-in was a bit chaotic. There were a lot of people working behind the counter, but one would pass me to another. Other customers were cutting in to speak to the employee who is in the process of working on my check-in. I'm used to a more systematic approach in other hotels.Only a few downsides: 1) my air-condition stopped working and had to lose an hour of sleep while someone fixed it. 2) Banging noise on the morning of my last day, which I intended for sleeping late to recover.	
May 29 2007 	Not a 5 star hotel	The room rate was nearly $500/night and, in my opinion, quite overpriced. I have stayed in hotels in Europe, the U.S., and other parts of Asia at that same room rate where the hotels were much more luxurious. My room was a standard room that had the look and finish of a standard room at a regular Double Tree Hotel. This hotel is not at all like other hotels in its price range, like the Four Seasons or Mandarin Oriental. I would skip this one and stay at the Oberoi instead.	
May 22 2007 	Sleepless night and not child friendly	We booked through SPG and had the option of the Meriden or Sheraton. We chose Meriden for our first night and then Sheraton for the 2 separate stays we planned during our golden triangle tour.We are a family of 4, our children aged 6 yrs and 4yrs. We would describe ourselves as a well travelled family who have experienced some fantastic 5 star hotels across India and Asia .We were travelling back from Amritsar on a late train and phoned the hotel to arrange pick up at the train station. We were pleased to find the driver at the allocated spot holding a name card so he could be easily identified. He speedily packed all 4 suitcases in the car and got us to the hotel in quick time.On our first stay ( 1 night ) we had the unfortunate experience of being there at the same time as government officials were holding some sort of conference. So as you can imagine, after a 5 hour train journey we had to go through security checks before entering the hotel ( including my 6 year old and his cuddly dog).This was followed by us having to use the staff lift ( via the store rooms ) as the guest lift was not working for some reason.?? We had a newly refurbished room which could not be faulted in anyway. It was ultra modern and the kids loved it, even though it was close to 1am by the time we got in.The morning breakfast was to die for - as in most 5 star hotels in india, with an array of breakfast options for every taste.Unfortunately our second stay ( after our tour ) was not so great. We were checked into the 5 th floor in an old style room , below the restaurant ( which we later found out was being refurbished.)It was comfortable and we just did not have the energy to complain to be moved to a newly refurbished room so we made do.We booked a club room which meant we could have complimentary cocktails in the evening. We paid extra for this . We were VERY disappointed to find that the children could not go into the Dublin Bar, or in fact any of the bars that were serving the complimentary cocktails. What really upset us was that there was no mention of these restrictions when we booked. When challenged we were advised that it was government policy? That was strange we thought - the Meriden were tripping over them selves to serve the children snacks whilst we enjoyed cocktails?After some discussion with the duty manager they allowed us to go into the business club lounge and the children were served soft drinks , the snacks were disappointing too.What really became the final straw for us was on our last night we were disturbed at 11pm. 3am and 5am with what sounded like furniture being dragged across the floor in the restaurant above . We were told that it was being refurbished and hence the noise but they would put a stop to it. Despite our phonecalls down to the duty manager the noise would stop for a short while then wake us again, which did not help considering we were catching a flight the next morning.We complained to the duty manager when we came to check out and they did not charge us for the room that night - however they still charged nearly £70 worth of tax???The hotel whilst 5 star, modern and luxurious was definately not child friendly and is more for business people. We will not be staying there ever again.	
Apr 25 2007 	recently renovated - liked it	needed an extra night in delhi and the Hyatt staff booked me in here Great result - stayed on the refurbed 4 th Floor - The Bakhara restaurant is in the top 35 restaurants in the world - and superb the tandoor lamb is fantastic - Great room - nice environment - staff very helpful - would go back !	
Apr 23 2007 	Staff 	I cannot relate to the reviews on this site saying the staff is not helpful! I found them to be just the opposite!We got into a bit of a pickle, as we were riding in a taxi to the hotel for our last night in India and realized that our passports were no longer in our possession. We were supposed to be leaving about 26 hours from that time, so needless to say, we were a bit panicked.The staff at the Maurya Sheraton were so incredibly helpful to us in our little crisis. The head of security at the hotel phoned his friend in the police department and he told us to go upstairs to our room and rest while he took on the burden himself of going over to the station with our written &amp; signed statements to get us the necessary police report to get the police report that would require us to get the exit visa at the Indian Tourism Bureau the following day. (Oh yeah! Not only are the passports themselves gone, but also the little stamp inside them that we must have in order to get OUT of the country!!) They went so above and beyond for us, advising us on the steps necessary to get our act together--1st, going to the US Embassy and then to the Indian Tourism Bureau......and we actually got it all taken care of and made it to the airport and onto our flight with our emergency 1-year passport and the exit visa stamp. Whew!I don't know what we would have done if the staff at the Maurya Sheraton hadn't been so helpful to us. Plus, we spent quite a while lounging around the lobby and it was very pretty with murals that remind me of Orozco or Diego Rivera in the lobby. The room was plush and comfortable. Overall, we highly recommend this hotel!	
Mar 4 2007 	The Lap of Luxury	What a phenomenal hotel. I've traveled all over the world and rarely encountered such a great hotel experience. I had a room in the towers section that was beyond luxurious. The hotel staff was incomparable in terms of friendliness, efficiency and knowledge. The club lounge was spacious, beautifully decorated and had very attentive service. The buffet breakfast was sumptuous and enough to keep me going the entire day. The hotel fitness center was one of the best I've encountered. If you're going to Delhi, you won't be disappointed in the least by this wonderful hotel. And the mural in the lobby ceiling is just fantastic (not to mention the quality of the goods in the hotel shops). The hotel is close to the airport and not more than 15 minutes by auto rickshaw from the center of town and the railway station (convenient if you're taking a day trip to Agra).	
Mar 2 2007	Great but expensive	I was on business w/ friend; he has very expensive tastes. So i sort of had to stay hereAfter tax, my 1 night was $500. Ouch. Great room, nice interior, outside is sort of ugly, but who cares.Free breakfast (omlette...maybe best i've ever had)Only complaint is the $15 internet fee; miserly when you pay that much to get nickle and dimed. Plus my broke down (and i'm a computer guy)Otherwise, I'd never pay this much money, except i will note that after you see a parade of beggars and people living in the dirt, you don't mind spending money you have to sleep nicely.as ps, the nearby and related Le Meridian was about $80 cheaper. Just as good.	
Feb 15 2007	OVERPRICED OVERRATED	I booked this hotel on their website and stayed for 8 days in Jan. 07. The booking process was not without glitches ,probably because of the fact that I got a room in the Sheraton Tower, located in an annexe of the main Maurya hotel.At $450 a night,it was the most expensive hotel I had ever stayed in.I was desperate to get a room in a hotel in south Delhi and I had very little choice because of the lack of availability of more moderately priced hotels.Also, I had booked the hotel at the last moment(big mistake). Check in was smooth and I was led to a spacious business class room.The big negative about the room was that it was fairly noisy because of ? construction work which seemes to go thru the night.I made a couple of complaints to o avail.However, I was provided with ear plugs,which helped a bit.Also included in the price was a full breakfast at the tower club of the hotel.The breakfast spread was excllent, and I could also order an Indian breakfast,which was also excellent. I also had a meal at the famous Dum Pukht restaurant.On the basis of that experience,I would call it the most overpriced and overrated restaurant in the world.I spent $50 on a meal which I could have had at KFC for $5. On the whole my stay was OK.Most people would rate this hotel a notch or two below the top 5 star hotels inDelhi i.e Taj Mansingh road,Oberoi Mathura road and the Imperial.Would I stay there again?Iwould probably avoid it as it is just not good value for money.5 star hotels in Delhi are taking advantage of the room shortage during peak season.To repeat my earlier advise&quot;BOOK EARLY FOR A HOTEL ROOM IN DELHI.&quot;	
Jan 19 2007 	Maurya Sheraton-Just Superb...	I had the pleasure of staying five nights through the New Year 2007. What can I say, the hotel is wonderful, truly a 5 Star hotel. As mentioned by someone earlier, the hotel has three separate divisions, the regular rooms, Tower rooms and the ITC One rooms. I had the opportunity to spend one night in the Towers and the rest in the ITC One rooms. If you can afford it ,ITC one is the way to go, but the Towers rooms were quite excellent also. The furnishings and fixtures are all that you expect from a five star hotel. I used SPG 50% off certificates (makes a big difference on a 5 night stay). Full buffet breakfast is also included, and if you are in the ITC One rooms, you can enjoy it in your room. too. The staff was wonderful and went out of their way to make us feel like royalty. Gautam at the Golf lounge and Arun at the Upper Crust (ITC One private lounge) were like my best friends, always attentive to my needs but unobtrusive at the same time. Because I had five nights, I could enjoy all of their restaurants (bit pricey) but definitely worth it. Bukhara is just superb. Arun would take care of all of my dinner reservations while I am enjoying complimentary evening appetizers and premium cocktails from 6-8 pm. The Spa/massage was wonderful too, $25 for 1 hour session, wow! This is truly a beautiful hotel and I would definitely stay here every time I am in Delhi.	
Dec 2 2006 	Many small problems... mostly poor staff	Stayed at this hotel for the 3rd time this year, this time for a week due to a conference at the hotel. This review must be prefaced by saying that most hotels in India don't come up to normal Asia standards for service and quality of staff... so lower your expectations before going!ROOMThe room I had - in the club tower - was nice and large enough. In previous stays I had substantial elevator noise, but not this time. Rooms were often not cleaned until very late in the day, and one day I had to call several times for service.GYMThe gym is very limited although there are 2 new life fitness elliptical machines and 3 life fitness treadmills - also new - since last time I was there. It's difficult to work out for a long time as there is almost no air conditioning in the gym.FOODMost of the meals for the week of the conference were catered by the hotel and they were OK for conference fare. The last evening, a number of people from our group went to Bukhara and 100% got sick.SERVICEThis is where the hotel really falls on its face. Checking in takes 20-30 minutes and it seems like the staff are doing it for the first time, every time. There is no record of my guest history from this hotel despite previous stays nor of my preferences recorded through Starwood, of which I'm a gold member. Checking out was not possible as I left early in the morning and the hotel seems to shut down their computers from about 4 am until 7 am. I had to email/call the hotel 6 times to get a copy of my invoice... took 3 weeks to get it, and only the General Manager was able to assist.What hotel is better in Delhi? I'm not sure, although the Taj is pretty consistent. I won't stay at the Sheraton again if I have a choice.	
Nov 12 2006 	Pretty Average...!	Over the last year, I've stayed at the Maurya Sheraton 5 or 6 times, last month being the most recent visit. The hotel is very consistent, but not quite what you'd expect from a Sheraton. The Hotel ItselfThe hotel is really three connected hotels - the Executive Tower (standard rooms), the Club Tower (nice), and the ITC One Club (very nice). Rooms in the executive tower are very small, and were noisy during my last visit due to construction, and even though management said that they would quiet down, they never did, and my room was changed twice before I found quiet.The Club Tower is nice and has an exceptional executive lounge with good service, nice snacks, and a very good breakfast. The ITC One Club is amazing - gorgeous (and spacious!) rooms, a private lounge, an in-room massage chair, and personal service is nice. The ITC One Club has a nice lounge with very good service - ask for Sandeep, one of the best waiters/bartenders in India.Checking in is a pain as all guests are first directed to the main desk, and those who have been upgraded are dragged to another check-in desk by an over-anxious bellhop. If the hotel knew what they were doing, they would have one check-in desk for all three....and not nearly as many bellhops.Food and BeverageThe Maurya is home to the top restaraunt in Delhi - Bhukara. Though the waitstaff there are terrible, the food completely makes up for it, and dinner is delightful. Be sure to befriend a bartender at the Polo Lounge or make reservations a week in advance if you want a shot at a table.The Dublin bar is fun, but they have trouble admitting they aren't a nightclub, and so they play very loud music. Try the homemade Bailey's...very good.The 24 hour cafe has good food, but the service is very slow.There are a number of other choices in the hotel, but these are the ones worth highlighting.Car RentalThe counter at the hotel, run by Travel House, provides pathetic service at sky-high prices. You're better off getting a car from a car rental company (like Avis or one of the local chains) than the hotel. I've had several drivers over the last 6 months, and they have all lacked knowledge about how to get around Delhi, insist on taking passengers to emporiums and tourist traps, and tend to have exceptionally poor english skills.SummaryOverall, this hotel is nice, but there are far better options for the price in Delhi. Try the Taj Palace next door or the Shangri-la near Connought Place for a better experience for a comparable price.	
Oct 9 2006 	Overall Solid Hotel	This hotel was excellent in some areas and unsatisfactory in others. The service was impeccable. The hotel staff will cater to your every need. Most of the staff you will encounter speak English and are very polite. The buffet breakfast is one of the best I've ever had. On the other hand, they are doing construction at the moment. It is incessant. Supposed to stop at 7pm, but that's not true. And that doesn't help when you're jetlagged and sleeping at odd times either. I moved to 3 different rooms in 3 days firstly due to the noise, then the bed being unbearable. Overall, a decently solid stay. Worth the money? Not sure about that.	
Aug 1 2006 	We liked it!	In the winter of 2005-6, my wife and I stayed at the Maurya Sheraton on 3 separate occasions; twice in the Tower section, and once in the Club section. The Club was a bit cheaper ($275.00US) and we were lucky to get the newly renovated 12th floor. The first room we were given had the smell a freshly smoked cigar so we, being non-smokers requested and were given another room which was across the hall and had no odor. The room was on the small side, but very nicely appointed with great lighting which could be controlled from a panel next to the very comfortable king size bed, a huge flat screen TV with tons of channels and great sound, and a modern frosted glass bathroom. Room service was a bit problematic on this side of the hotel, and was very expensive. We had a tough time getting good indian chai! No excuse for that!The other times we were in the Towers section. It cost about US $325.00. The room was nice, bed was good, regular TV set. The bathroom had a mouldy odor coming from the drain, and although the staff tried, it could not be eliminated. There is no heat in the rooms, only air conditioning, but in January in New Delhi, it can get quite cold, and the room was a bit chilly. The best part of staying at the Towers is the butler service. Shortly after check-in, an immaculately groomed uniformed young man arrived at the door and introduced himself as our butler. Being regular Americans, we had no experience with butlers, but Chander took care of us in ways we had never known. He made the best tea we had in India, brought delicious juices, extra fancy shortcake cookies, helped our in-room meals, and offered to help with packing and anything else we might want! When my wife had a migrane headache, he made special ginger tea and gently put it by her bedside. It relieved her pain quickly, even after medications failed! He spoke very good English, and was interested and conversant without being overbearing and seemed to instictively know when to tend to us and when to leave us alone. All thee times we stayed at the Maurya Sheraton, we were promptly picked up at the airport in a new car with uniformed and polite drivers who drove the car nicely. The staff, while occasionally stiffly formal, did do their best to make our stay memorable and pleasant.	
Jul 8 2006	Renovate		
Mar 9 2006 	Nice Hotel		
Feb 23 2006	Nice Hotel Dont eat at Bukhara		
Oct 25 2005 	Where was my room		
Jun 30 2005 	An Absolute Disaster of a Hotel		
May 16 2005	Average value for money		
May 5 2005	Excellent Hotel with excellent restuarants		
Feb 5 2005	Excellent Hotel		
Jan 25 2005	A Truly 5 star+ hotel		
Nov 13 2004	Extremely comfortable		
May 10 2009 	TAX??????????????????????????????		
Feb 28 2009 	????????????????????		
Aug 28 2008 	Un veritable PALACE		
