	stay in the capital	This hotel in the heart of capital is a blend of contempory services and the heritage to serve customers. Finest rooms with a touch of comfort that really makes you feel comfortable.	
Nov 10 2009 	Excellent service	We spent a night in the ITC Welcome Sheraton earlier this week having stayed at several different hotels in Delhi and in Agra during our visit. The Sheraton was without doubt one of the best hotel we stayed in (see review on Intercontinental Eros Place). One piece of advice, be sure to print out the full name and address of the hotel before you travel, as there are several Sheratons located in different parts of Delhi and drivers get really confused.We booked a king bed room on non-smoking floor and we were pleased to be informed upon arrival that we were upgraded to a club room and we were promply brought to the club floor lounge for happy hour drinks and snacks while we checked in. The hotel and our room was modern, clean and well-equiped, and the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The selection and quality of food in the hotel was surprisingly good. We will definitely stay there again next time in Delhi.	
Nov 3 2009 	Sheraton was the best part of our trip to New Delhi	The best part of our stay in New Delhi was the Sheraton hotel. It was the only place in New Delhi where we were treated like royalty and not stared at constantly because we were Indian Americans.; we actually felt welcome. The amenities are a plus with a Spa and beautiful pool. The complimentary breakfast buffet was amazing with international cuisine. The room was clean and the bathroom was the best out of all the ones we had encountered through our tour of India. The staff was very kind and attentive from the minute we arrived at the airport until our departure . In fact at our departure we were lucky enough to have a representative of the Sheraton, Manoj Kumar who was with us every step of the way as Air India gave us a very difficult time with our luggage and its weight. His quick thinking and experience allowed us to receive a minimum charge of 50% of what Air India wanted us to pay originally. We were grateful for our stay in the Sheraton because it ensured a smooth visit. We will definitely be back. :)	
Sep 20 2009 	Modern comfortable hotel	Very comfortable, clean rooms, spacious and modern bathrooms, I enjoyed my stay at Sheraton almost 100%. Very helpful staff, good buffet for lunch.Draw backs: There was the smell of fresh paint in the floor. Internet charge IR 700 per 24 hours.	
Sep 15 2009	excellent service staff	i celeberated my birthday in this hotel the staff were prompt and effecient and they were brilliant in every aspect the birthday cake was yummy and beautiful prepared by thier lady chef. and the location of this hotel is great especially if u r a foodie and shopahlic and movie buff. i have no doubt to say they have best malls around walking distance in india yes in india.and people in this part of delhi r genuine and honest if u compare with other parts as it is located in elite part of southdelhi. which isconsidered to be themost affluent part . though for tourist it may be a bit far from tradional tourist spots but i must say it worth a shot. i hope u will enjoy a great service from thier staff as i did.	
Aug 27 2009 	Perfectly acceptable but not outstanding accommodation	I'm willing to admit, my judgement of the Sheraton New Delhi has been clouded somewhat by glorious stays in other properties managed by the ITC Welcomgroup in India, (also operated under the Sheraton franchise), so this place was going to have to do a lot to really stand out! My employer selects, and pays for, my accommodation when I travel, so I can't comment on the value of the nightly rates, or how they compare with other hotels in the chain. The Delhi property, while maintaining a high overall standard of both accommodation and service, seems lacking in a few of the 'little things' which can really make a stay, and which differentiate other properties in the group. First off, the 'Sheratonisation' process seems to be continuing apace! I understand that having the backing of a huge, well-respected and popular brand is of great value to both the group and their customers, but the small differences which gave the Indian hotels more of a 'local' feel seem to be disappearing, to be replaced by the generic 'Sheraton' model. This isn't a huge thing, I know - and indeed, some might welcome the familiarity - but I always used to enjoy the seemingly 'exotic' bathroom ameneties made in India and the like! The public spaces of the hotel have a modern feel which, apart from the ever-smiling doormen bedecked in their traditional outfits, could almost be anywhere in the world. The rooms themselves are what I have come to expect, with high ceilings, lots of dark wood and plenty of wardrobe space. I am sure some will think me picky, but the standard of the rooms here in Delhi are not as high as elsewhere, (and I'm comparing a regular, non-executive floor, non-marvellous view type room here!) Again it's the little things. The mini-bar - which I never use, I'll admit, and often empty straight away to restock with my own bits and pieces - looks like it hasn't been attended to in a while and is practically empty. There is one glass to drink from and, unlike at other Sheratons in India, no swizzle sticks, straws, coasters etc. There is no iron or ironing board in the room, and I suspect this is common across the board, (so to speak!); while a quick call to housekeeping will sort this out, it would be handier if there was an iron to hand for when you need it!The bed is huge and comfortable, so no complaints there, (and after all, isn't that the most important thing?!), plus there is a cosy two-seater sofa with a coffee table, which gives an idea of the size of the room. Flatscreen TVs seem to have appeared since my last visit, (not a big draw for me personally, but everyone seems desperate to get the things in their rooms these days!), and there are three telephones in the room and bathroom, so you've no excuse to miss a call! The workdesk area is organised in a corner layout, which makes it easy to use. International visitors will also appreciate the 'multiplug' sockets in the room, (I have spotted two!), which seem to cater for all of the various plugs from around the world, (though check on the voltage first!) There's one by the workdesk, and another beside the bed, so handy for charging the mobile overnight!The bathroom is, comparatively, quite small. It is however very pleasant and loaded up with ameneties. The shower is over the bath in this room, unlike at other properties which feature a separate shower. There are plenty of mirrors throughout both the room and bathroom, so if the lighting at one doesn't work for you then another will! Service at the hotel is not as gracious as I have come to expect from Sheratons in India. I'm not expecting - and never appreciate - staff falling over me, but it is quite common to pass by staff in the hallways and for a pleasantry offered not to be returned, or for a smile not to be reciprocated. It's not that thay are being rude; it's just that I have come to expect and appreciate a smile from time to time! Equally, the concierge, while accommodating and obliging, seemed somewhat unenthusiastic and requests from myself and colleagues were met but with little good grace!I am sure there are worse places to stay at, even within this price bracket. What is disappointing, is that I KNOW this could all be done so much better, (and is being achieved elsewhere in the ITC Welcomgroup chain!) As I say, I've been spoiled somewhat by previous experiences elsewhere; a bit more effort and the Sheraton New Delhi could easily match, and exceed, these experiences.	
Aug 7 2009 	Great Decor. Great Service	The ambiance at this hotel is great. The hotel staff were courteous and helpful. The helped plan my entire stay in Delhi.Great Place to be.	
Jun 13 2009	obtain good directions(possibly to another hotel)	Imagine driving down from District Kangra(on a good day, about 15 hours), having a heat stroke in Chandigar, both your drivers having a good command of English and Hindi, arriving on outskirts of Delhi and they call the hotel to obtain directions. Then, over two hours later, apparently due to misdirection from hotel staff, finally arriving, Delhi traffic notwithstanding. The room(and amenities like slippers, robes, etc)reserved for two is prepared for one. The SPG lounge insists on beverage service for only one guest even though there are clearly two in the party. On check-out and preparation to airport the first vehicle in the line is clearly not suitable. Finally when speaking with SPG Guest Services back stateside you are told that the hotel provided you with complimentary transportation tot he airport, clearly not the case.On the plus side, luxurious public areas and sumptous brunch buffet-a real effort to &quot;regain the confidence of the guest,&quot; somehow falling through. Somewhat of a departure from the usually excellent Sheraton/SPG customer service.	
Jun 9 2009 	Very good Hotel	Nothing to say about the hotel staff, the rooms and the amenities, as everything was perfect.We didn't triy the restaurant and breakfast, but the only neagtive thing is the location...It's a little bit outside of the center. If you need transportation, just take a rickshaw outside of the hotel and never ask for a taxi, as the taxi is going to rip you off.Going back to the hotel can also be problematic, but fortunately, there's a larg shopping center just around the corner of the hotel, so just indicate the &quot;City Select Mall&quot; in the Saket Disctrict to go back to the hotel.The mall is also a heaven of peace in Dehli. Don't go there for shopping, just for the air-conditioning and peacefull place!	
May 22 2009	Very nice stay	Had a great time staying and visiting Agara too.,	
May 11 2009 	A great memorable experience	An excellent property at a decent location in New Delhi. It is a Five star property - so the usual five star facilities are available. What I recall best is the quality of food at the restaurant and range of liquor. It has an excellent check-in &amp; check-out facility.	
May 9 2009 	Loved the Food	I stayed at Sheraton New Delhi during business trip and found it to be absolutely wonderful experience with great food choices-North Indian, South Indian and really good Asian variety. On top of food variety, the hotel staff was extremely sensitive to the guests needs which made the experience even better.	
May 4 2009 	Above average!!!!	The hotel is ok in all the senses. Only thing that makes it a bit difficult that the staff members do not have enough experience to deal with esteemed travellers. The ambience of the hotel is good and amenities are acceptable.	
Apr 28 2009 	Could have been better	My experience was not that great as per my expectations. This was my 3rd visit to the same place and after giving constant feedbacks in my previous stays i thought they woudl take extra care of the little things that were missed previously. but to my surprise nothing much was done. Things like giving a non-smoking room even though you mentioned that you want a smoking one. It was terrible hearing the fire alarm go on and then seeing everyone gather outside your room. The food could have been a little better. Bell boys efficiency is anothe rthing for them to look at. Overall i would say that i was satisfied but not delighted with my stay.	
Apr 28 2009 	Good Business Hotel	I've stayed at the Sheraton, New Delhi several times over the last few years.I would rate it as a first class business hotel. It has a very good range of restaurants for the discerning business traveller.The service levels are on par with the best business hotels in India.The rooms are clean, hygenic with all the regular frills that one is used to in a sheraton hotel.On the whole, a good enjoyable experience, though definitely a trifle more expensive than a Lemon Tree.	
Apr 17 2009 	bad reception	It was bad experience at reception, As per contract I can have two breakfast &amp; I avail the same. However at the tiome settling bill recpction was unaware about this . It was very bad time at reception.	
Mar 29 2009 	Ok but could do better	Stayed for 3 nights at the end of a weeks business in Punjab. Upgraded to exec floor as we like the convenience of the lounge and extra facilities. Rooms were well finished in a traditional style with a very good stock of amenities. Good room and night service with home made biscuits and fruit daily. Large bathroom again well stocked.First night arived very late and ate in the buffet 'Bay Watch' restaurant. Not recommended, despite it being marketed as 24 hr the food was past it's best, the staff were not that attentive or helpful and the grill chef quite surley. Complained to general manager during our stay and had the food bill refunded.Pool staff were very good and nice area to sit and relax (may near ear plugs for traffic - thats just Delhi)Also the exec lounge is fairly small both breakfast and afternoon canapes were very poor. I asked for a boiled egg on the first morning only to be told hot items were not available in the lounge. I later found that this was not true and hot items could be ordered. Also we found staff being more concerned about what was on the TV than tending to guests.I do like the Sheraton group and am heartened that my complaints to the manager did receive prompt attention, this would cause me to come back again but I do think they need to check on how there business is being delivered to the customer.	
Sep 20 2008 	Stay here whatever you do	I have travelled India a lot. Stayed in one star to 5 star hotels sometimes regretting the outrageous costs for little return. But not here, this hotel and it's highly trained super friendly staff border on over servicing. I have long been used to indifferent service and staff that bordered on insubordinate.The Sheraton New Delhi surpassed my most optimistic expectations in all areas and to boot the food was nothing short of amazing. Dont miss this place if you can afford it. Then on the other hand, can you afford to miss the experience?The hotel managers name is Rishi. This man will ensure your stay is one to remember.	
Sep 18 2008 	Wonderful experience	I've spent nearly 3 weeks a month here in this hotel since August 08. Great hotel with real 5 star facilities. Staffs are extremely friendly. Though lacking of restaurant and connected shopping center, you could still get to one of the biggest mall in Delhi in less than 5 mins cab ride. If you are a SPG gold member, you can even get a free room upgrade and late checkout at 7 pm!!! Obviously I got that ...	
Aug 12 2008 	OK but there are much better '5 starts' in India	I have to say I was somewhat disappointed with my stay here. While there was nothing serious that went wrong, I was just left underwelmed. The property is looking a bit tired, the rooms also. The staff were poilte but not the usual attentive lot that I usually find in India. I' ve stayed at better hotels in Delhi. On a positive note, room service breakfast was very tasty and served very promptly.	
Jul 28 2008 	Nobody Gives You India Like Sheraton	I just got back from a business trip in Delhi, India and spent most part of the week in Sheraton Hotel, Saket, New Delhi. The hotel is above average, the facilities are good, the location boggles me, but the service is excellent. I stayed there for three nights checked out for another night then checked back in for another three nights. When I checked back in, they saw the feedback I left for them during my first stay and did what they could to make my experience better. The bed and bath linens were clean and plentiful. I wasn't a big fan of the pillows they had in my room, but they offered a pillow bar where I could choose pillows based on what my preferences were. For some days, I switched the Privacy switch on and Housekeeping called me at least once to confirm that I didn't want to have my room cleaned. I got a king size bed, and I paid INR 7300++ (lots of taxes!) for the bed, the big bathroom, a couch and a work-table. Unfortunately, I was out for business for most part of the week so I wasn't able to appreciate the facilities of the hotel. My room didn't come with a view but I doubt it would have been any different anywhere else in the building. The room comes with complimentary breakfast, but for someone who has been into buffets at Sofitel (Spiral) and Shangri-la (Circles) in Manila, the selection paled in comparison. If you're looking to travel elsewhere watch out that you don't plan your day to early, breakfast doesn't start until 7am. As hotel prices go, the prices for in-room dining are limited and steep. Food quality and serving sizes are pretty good though.Overall, I'd say it's a good hotel to stay at. I'd recommend it to anyone travelling for who and what's in it, but not for where it's at.	
Jan 10 2008	nice but could do better	First of all the hotel is okay just not great, don’t hesitate about staying there but there is better available. We needed to book last minute because of a change of plan and needed an overnight near the airport, so I checked trip advisor for recommendations. The hotel stated it is 30 minutes from the airport, which is why I chose it, but it took us an hour! However it was still wonderful to pull up to this oasis from the abominable Delhi traffic. Booked with [--] 14,000 rupees per night for 2 executive rooms inclusive of drinks, hors d’ouevres 5-8pm and breakfast. We arrived at 7:56pm and unfortunately were no longer entitled complimentary drinks etc which was a little annoying.Rooms are spacious and great beds but a clock somewhere would be nice. Although we had two rooms booked only one had the upgraded amenities, fruit, chocolates etc. It may seem a little sexist to the west but as female travellers it was nice to be on a female only floor.Probably the worst part of the stay was the restaurant Pan Asian. The décor is dated. The cooking stations are not adequately ventilated which resulted in making our eyes sting and cough from the fumes, we couldn't wait to get out. The food was sloppy, tasteless and over priced. My local takeaway is superiorBuffet Breakfast in the lobby is 7-10:30 with a wide variety available, although by 10am most options were empty and not refilled. I asked for poached eggs and was told it would take 10 minutes, after 40 minutes they hadn’t arrived and we left.Stay at the oberoi. It’s better, cheaper and you have an inclusive luxury airport transfer.	
Nov 27 2007 	Good balance of price location niceness	Sheraton New Delhi was our first hotel experience in India. The room was large, comfortable and clean, although the carpet was dated and for some reason always seemed damp. The bathroom was huge and nice. The front desk staff were great - very helpful in giving advice about obtaining taxis, etc. Food was fine - standard buffets but with a wide variety of options. The location turned out to be fine. It's close to a couple significant sites that we may not have otherwise made it to (Q'tab Minar and Humayun's Tomb), but if I return I may pay the extra money to stay closer to the city center. We did not get to do much walking around b/c it's too far to walk to Connaught Place (or other sites in that area), and the taxi ride can take a while when traffic is bad (took over an hour one evening to get home from CP). Overall, I'd stay here again if I was planning a few days in New Delhi, but for a shorter visit, it may be more fun (though louder and definitely more expensive) to stay closer to the city center.	
Nov 19 2007 	new delhi hotel sheraton	I had a great stay in sheraton new delhi it is one of the finest hotels in delhi ..... simply super.....	
Oct 12 2007 	Good hotel but far away from the action	I stayed for a night at the Sheraton. The hotel is around 30 minutes from the airport and is located in a quiet residential area of Delhi. Check-in was smooth and the room was excellent. The hotel itself is well maintained. I was on a business trip and would recommend this hotel for people on business, but not necessarily for tourists. There's really not much to see in Saket and it's a bit of a trek to get to the interesting spots.	
Sep 12 2007 	Great hotel	Beautiful hotel, the rooms are spacious and well equiped and furnished. Great for business and leasure travellers. Fantastic pool. Excellent restaurants.	
Jul 8 2007 	Just what a business traveller needs in India....	We stayed a week in New Delhi, several days in Imperial and several in Sheraton. Sheraton is very efficient, staff really tries to do their best in terms of service quality.The rooms are spacious and bathrooms are quite stylish! Good testers, including an indian brand of nature cosmetics, which we liked a lot.Restaurant serves wonderful food, bith local and international cuisine (although pasta bolognese was as far from real one as india is from italy). We were quite cautious with food at first, but had no problems at all (unlike in Imperial)...The lounge and bar area is great, with live singer every day, huge windows overlooking a garden, decent choice of cocktails and human prices.The most surprising thing was an email from the hotel after I returned to Zurich, saying that I had left a body lotion in the room and they were willing to ship it to me...How sweet! Even given the fact that I would more than certainly have to pay for shipping - it was still nice of them to get back to me.	
Mar 29 2007 	Great Experience	I'm not a fan of paying very high sums of money for business stays in India but when I stayed for 1 night at the Welcom Hotel - the experience, product and service was so good that I could not help but rate it to my international hotel stays. From the fully loaded rooms to the A+ food in the coffee shop, the gym, the executive lounge with the fresh orange juice - all of it was a great experience. I paid USD 300 per night which to me is unaffordable but at USD 150 I will come back again and again.	
Jan 19 2007 	Great service average rooms mediocre food	As its name suggests you are made to feel welcome from the minute you enter and pass by two tall Turban clad men who salute you. The entire lobby floor is impressive - ideal for large families or groups who like to laze about the lounge and for kids who love toilets that have tv screens in them.The rooms, however lack the added luxury touch other 5 star properties in Delhi have. We sampled the food in the 24 hours buffet restaurant and in the pan asian restaurant and found both to have excellent service but mediocre food.	
Dec 23 2006 	Great option if you get a good rate and have transport arrangements	It's been quiet a while since i stayed here, and back then I had got a great package deal at this hotel. Room was luxourious, nice, spacious, marble bathroom and all. Overall our stay here was enjoyable.Only downpoint is that its far far away from the main part of city and most tourist spots and in Delhi if you dont have your own transportation, you will find it almost impossible to find a local taxis and autorickshaws, and if you do find one, be absolutetly sure that they will RIP YOU OFF.Despite the poor location, if you are getting a good rate here, and have your own tranport, do not hesitate o stay here coz it is a fine fine hotel.	
Aug 5 2006	Pretty good	I was satisfied with my 1-week stay. My room was decent size, bed was comfortable. Only 4 hangers in the closet, that was not good for a 5 day stay obviously. Internet access was convenient. the hotel isn't really in any interesting area, but is convenient by car.The breakfast buffet was decent. I'd stay there again, I think it was good for the price...but there are a few more luxurious places in Delhi for a little more money, and it's probably well worth it to splurge on one of those.	
Jul 16 2006 	MUST READ: Look for other options		
Jul 7 2006 	Great Service Easy Place to Stay		
Apr 19 2006	Beautiful wedding and helpful staff		
Mar 18 2006 	great place to stay		
Feb 1 2006	The Mariott was a let down		
Sep 23 2005	Very nice!		
Jul 13 2005	Highly Recommend the Marriot		
Apr 20 2005	What an Oasis		
Mar 3 2005	A Marriott Experience		
May 21 2004	Liked a lot would certainly return		
Mar 3 2008 	Business Hotel		
