Nov 3 2009	extremely helpful	Our first stop in India, looks nothing but comfortable rooms and well sited for shops and sights. The staff couldn't do enough for us, we left our safe open in the room while we went for breakfast and the boy making up the beds drew it to our attention when he could have easily helped himself. Also when my husband was struck with Delhi belly, pretty inevitable, they immediately let us have our room for another night and made all the phonecalls to tourguide, taxi etc. for me which was a great relief to me. Very clean so I don't think he caught it there. Restaurant a bit pricey but some european food on the menu.	
Oct 23 2009 	Don't Do It	When our car pulled up it appeared to be an abandoned parking lot. The outside of the building looking like it was being prepared for demolition with scaffolding covering the entire front of the building and the building looking old and decrepit.Upon entry through narrow make shift entry we were told to take a seat without being informed why as it was 3 hours passed check in time.After waiting ten minutes with no one approaching we were served a cold drink on a coaster that had been used many times before and had the stains to prove it.Finally a staff member approached to say the room wasn't ready just yet. The request was then made by ourselves to see the room first. Shortly afterwards we were told we would receive an upgrade and room would be ready in another 10 mintues. We were escorted to the 16th floor to where it was clear the lobby matched the rest of the hotel in being old and lacking maintenance. Whilst walking along the hallway paint in large areas could be seen peeling off the walls.Upon entering the room initial presentation looked okay. When looking near the window the white curtain was extremely dirty below the glass . An inspection of the bathroom revealed an old bath and shower in one and then on looking at the sink, human hair could be seen. We immediately requested to see another room to which we were told we would have to wait further. We waited in the room given for about 40 minutes before being moved to the 20th and top floor. The room slight better presented than the other still showed many signs of age including a horrible repair on the side of the bath that was all blistered and cracked.Later in the evening we received a recommendation from the front desk for an indian restaurant and confirmed we would a taxi with a meter. The staff member said he would tell the taxi directly of the address after I asked for the address in case we got lost. Instead of telling the driver he passed it onto the front door staff.When we walked outside I heard a loud speaker coming from next door and could see some taxis parked around the corner (these taxis are repeatedly used by the hotel). Not long after a very old taxi struggled to pull up and as we got in the driver, a boy lucky to be 18 was hurriedly putting on a blue shirt and clearly had been asleep. The front door staff told the driver three times of the nearby restaurant it was very clear to see he didn't know where it was yet they allowed him to leave. We left the hotel and not 200 metres up the road the driver stopped the car and run off to find directions. He returned 2 minutes later, proceeded to drive on the wrong side of the road and then tried to tell us a fixed price. As soon as possible we got out and walked back to the hotel. On the way back the driver was following telling us he would take us for free. Upon our return to the hotel, we immediately complained about the situation where another staff member lied to us and told us the fixed price was the mimimum price. (later the price it would be not even 60%) After being questioned further the staff member agreed the rate should be by the meter. This clearly brings the question of corruption and hotel allowing the taxi's to charge more and makes you wonder about kick backs!!! Not nice when the hotel is being deceptive and trying to rip you off. Finally another taxi was arranged and after we refused the same driver another was found. This driver again to our dismay did not know where the restaurant was and after stopping for directions several times gave up and dropped us off somewhere near the restaurant where we walked around for 10 minutes getting directions before finding it. (turned out it was not difficult to find and close to where we were dropped off except we were sent in the other direction)The following morning whilst using the shower my wife slipped over in the slipery bath which had not bath matt. Breakfast was ordinary with no chef there to cook a fresh omelette or eggs which is standard in every good hotel. Then we waited for 15 minutes for the lifts to leave the building. With only two lifts for the guests they cannot cope, so much so that we later found out one of the lifts jammed a full load of guests were actually stuck in the lifts for 5 minutes. After all this we checked out 2 days early what a bad hotel. This hotel claims to be 4 star, it would be lucky to be a 3 star!!! Find somewhere else it's old, service poor, it's dirty and smells of corruption!!!	
Sep 23 2009 	Great hotel. Perfect launchpad from which to see Delhi then return and unwind.	Delhi and the Hans Plaza was my first stop in India. I had no idea what to expect, so I was pleasantly surprised with this hotel. First of all, it's ideally located. You can hop in a tuktuk for 40 rupees and be at Connaught Place in under 5 minutes. The hotel itself is a tall tower, I think 17 stories if memory serves. The facade is undergoing some mild renovations, nothing major. The interior is spotless, businesslike, and modern. The rooms are really pleasant - excellent quiet AC, nice linens, modern furniture, plasma TV, safe, great views of the city, and a clean marble/granite bathroom with iron, blowdryer, etc. It's extremely comfortable and clean. A+ overall.The restaurants are on the 2nd floor. The amazing thing about this hotel is free Wifi if you stay more than 2 nights, and also buffet breakfast (excellent) and a meal voucher for two people every day which can be redeemed all day, anytime (including after midnight). The meal voucher includes almost anything off the menu, and the portions are huge. Excellent food overall, first rate kitchen they are running.Overall, an excellent hotel for the money and the perfect place to see Delhi from. It's not uberluxurious, but if you want a clean, neat, modern spot to come back to and shower/sleep, it's perfect.	
Aug 26 2009 	Centrally Located 	This is one of the good hotel located centrally in New Delhi. Very much in the heart of the city i.e, CP. View of the capital city Delhi from room’s window is marvelous. You can have a bird’s view &amp; that is the most important point of this hotel. Its away from airport but near to railway station.Rooms are clean, well decorated. Food is OK but very costly. Its recommended for business trip.	
Jul 10 2009	A good place to stay in Delhi	We liked all the positive aspects described by other reviewers. I liked the restaurant with a view of trees.Its only a short walk to circus area with shops and restaurants, its not the wild west as described by a previous reviewer and apart from crossing the busy roads its safe.There are also some good views across the city looking toward the train station in the distance	
Jun 2 2009 	Customer friendly attitude of Hotel Staff	This Hotel located in the Heart of the City is best suited to travellers whether on a pleasure trip or business.Staff extremely attentive to your needs and my room stay was extended when they realized that i had an evening flight to catch and my room was also automatically upgraded from executive to deluxe upon my arrival.really appreciate their efforts.	
May 21 2009 	Loved the Room and Location	We had been to a conference in Delhi, We happen to stay at this hotel for two nights. This was my fourth visit to this hotel. Every visit of mine was same with warm welcome. They serve welcome drink on arrival. The Rooms are on very higher floor with view of the city. It is just excellent. If given a chance to travel to our national capital I shall surely stay with this hotel on my every visit to Delhi	
May 4 2009 	Great experience	It was a great experience at Hotel stay. Staff and service was excellent. Location of the Hotel was good. Close to shopping area CP of delhi.Timing and quality of breakfast was good.Overall it was a nice experience	
Apr 24 2009 	Pleasant stay	My office arranged for the hotel accomodation for this trip and i did not expect to have a hotel room on the 18th floor. The view of the busy roads of Delhi was quite a sight. One can't help thinking that Delhi is lucky to have such wide roads with four to six lanes on each side.The room size was adequate but the carpet could do with some vacumming. The house keeping surely could improve and the standard is clearly indicated from the towels that are kept for use.The food however is good. And the location of the hotel is central.I would recommend this hotel as a pleasant stay provided the stay is not for more than 2 days.	
Apr 19 2009 	Good location; warm staff	Have stayed at this hotel about 5/6 times during my business visit. Centrally located, very good restaurants, clean rooms and overall a very nice place to stay. My frequent visits were good enough for me to get upgrades.	
Mar 29 2009 	Excellent clean hotel in cental Delhi	We stayed in the hotel as part of a package and it was very good. They upgraded our room as we were going to be there for 9 nights and the rooms on the 19th floor are big and clean, although the lifts a little erratic. The location is certainly central as it's only about 10 minutes walk into Connaught Place and 5 to the nearest tube, but there is hassle the moment you step out the door! The restaurants are good although a little on the expensive side. Breakfast a mix of indian and western food so should be plenty for most tastes. Transfers weren't included in the deal so as we were arriving at 5.30am local time after a 15 hour flight I e-mailed to arrange a pick up. They charged a whooping 1,400 rupees for this whereas local taxi companies charge normally 400 rupees so worth e-mailing one of the reliable companies in Delhi instead.	
Mar 21 2009	First Hotel experiance in India - loved it	The hotel was part of a tour package. My room was clean, the bed comfortable and staff very attentive to this tired travlers needs. Although the outside noise could filter up to my top floor room, one pull of the drapes and all was blocked out. Highly recommend.	
Feb 23 2009 	Comfortable clean hotel in good location	Excellent hotel although slightly overpriced. Clean comfortable rooms. Great location. Helpfull staff, but extras such as tours organised through the hotel more expensive than at other hotels we stayed at.	
Feb 9 2009	Very nice hotel.	I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights for the start of a 3.5 week tour of India and was pleasantly surprised.The room, although not very large, was beautifully appointed.Nice, clean and modern bathroom.The breakfasts were great. Interesting Indian food as well as continental.Good location - close to the (very clean and modern) metro line.I would certainly consider staying here again.In my opinion it was an excellent introduction to India.	
Feb 8 2009	Book through their website not over the phone or via a third party!!	After perusing tripadvisor and seeking a place in downtown Delhi for 100$ and quality, we found this one. I checked out their website and found a rate of 102$. Couldn't believe it so I called them. They quoted my 260$ on the phone. I told them that they're site was 102$. They agreed. THIS WAS JANUARY 2ND LADIES AND GENTLEMEN. I then went to expedia and bla bla and they all quoted over 200$. So, I booked online.Then, after I booked, they sent me an email if I had any special requests. Great service! I asked for two housecoats, some slippers, a good bathtub, and a high floor. No problem.We arrived at around 6pm and sure enough all of our requests were met.The room is wonderfully clean with a great bed and good room service. The rates are all fine and it really is a 4 star.The location is gold but still a rickshaw is required as there are plenty of pathetic touts around the hotel. We had two follow us to 'practice thei english'so I just took a photo of them and walked up to a police officer. They ran. I just asked the police officer the time, but anyway, it worked.Great place, very clean, and honest front desk people. incredible price and the best accom secret in Delhi.	
Feb 1 2009 	We enjoyed this hotel but asked to change rooms	We have no idea what we actually paid to stay at this hotel for three nights as it was part of a package that included airport to and fro transfers, transfers to train to Agra plus Agra (Taj &amp; Fort) tour with a guide. Having said that, given the overall package price I think it was very reasonable. We got a guide one day to tour Delhi itself then the other two days were arrival and Agra so we did not see much of the surrouding area of Connought. We did speak to some guests who thought it was fine to walk around the area and they said they felt safe both during the day as well as the evening. There is a pretty good mixed Asian/North American breakfast buffet (included) so anyone should be quite happy. The lobby is pleasant and the staff were always helpful. When we arrived and were shown to our room and we were really disappointed. The bed looked so small I knew that two of us could not comfortably sleep in it for three nights! The room was also very small and if there was any window it was not immediately obvious. It may well be that is what we paid for - so hard to know what they actually book for you in a package and call a double room, but the porter himself made a call and the next thing we knew he took us to another huge room with a king bed, huge corner window views complete with loveseat and it was great. There was no additional charge when we checked out so I think the hotel is pretty decent for doing that. Big difference between the room though so try to check to see what it is you are getting. Often a double room is simply a double bed - not even a queen and many are not used to that! This hotel was only a few minutes drive to the train for Agra as well.	
Jan 10 2009 	Stayed Twice During a Recent Vacation	A perfectly acceptable hotel. Nothing special, but clean and modern. Good central location.	
Dec 7 2008 	Clean hotel helpful staff convenient location	Firstly you need to look beyond the exterior of the hotel, which is absolutely terrible and in serious need of updating -- the inside of the Hans is clean, well looked after and the rooms are well furnished and a reasonable size. They are also high enough away from the street to shield you from the incessant traffic noise outside (remember, this is the centre of Delhi).The staff speak good English and were helpful and attentive to our many requests, at any time of day or night, including helping to dress a saree for the wedding we were attending. They are also generous with providing complimentary bottled water, which is a must in India.The complimentary breakfast is of a good quality, runs until 10am if you don't want to get up too early, and the choice is reasonable. The hotel restaurant offers both Indian and Western food and the standard is quite high.The location is convenient, being 5-10 minutes walk from Connaught Place. But be warned, it really is a walk on the wild side!! Despite being right by a supposedly upmarket shopping area in the nation's capital, you should be prepared for manic and downright dangerous traffic, beggars, thieves, wild dogs roaming the streets, people constantly trying to sell you trinkets or get you into a rickshaw, dust, dirt and pollution that hurts your eyes and throat. Suffice to say, we only tried this walk once.In summary, the Hans Hotel is rare in being a good quality mid-range hotel in a convenient location. If you really have to go to Delhi and don't want to run to 5 star prices or risk somewhere more downmarket then this is a good choice.	
Nov 29 2008 	Excellent place to stay at while touring Delhi	After a disastorous start to our trip to Delhi with a different hotel, we booked into this hotel at the last minute.Excellent staff, excellent rooms and service.Rooms are on par with a 4 star hotel in UK and all the amenities were present, like table, chairs, flat screen tv, nice king size bed,safe etc.The walls are quite thin so you could hear next door which was the only down side.The breakfast was included although it adequate and not spectacular.Overall good place to stay to explore New Delhi.	
Nov 16 2008	Good start to a tour	Located close enough to many restaurants and shops but the hotel floors are high enough that you are not disturbed by traffic noises. Very clean and nice hotel. Excellent breakfast.	
Nov 9 2008	Stayed here November 2008	Stayed 2 nights at the Hans Hotel in November, 2008. Didn't actually stay in the room much, as I was on tours all day, both days. This is one of the least expensive, but nicer hotels, though the Deluxe room is a bit small.The problem I had is that I called Housekeeping 3 times to bring a power adapter, as my universal kit does not fit the power outlets in India. They kept saying &quot;yes&quot; but it never came.	
Nov 6 2008 	Looks Belie The Facts	We booked three rooms for our family members on our way back to Auckland after the marriage of our son in Amritsar.The hotel looks okay but the office staff are terrible-eg I get a call at 11pm one night asking me when will I settle the hotel bill !The Italian Restaurant meal had a fly cooked in our fried egg- miraculously they did not charge us for that meal. Kaffe restaurant meals and staff were the best thing this hotel has got.Showers in the room leaked, toilet paper was rationed as if there is a world wide shortage.On my advice a family has this week cancelled their booking at Hans Plaza- it is well located but the charges are like a five star.	
Oct 23 2008 	Terrible customer service	This hotel is in the heart of the city and centrally located. However that customer service is terrible. There were so many issues including the additional dollars they charged for a cancelled night. The manager was least helpful if trying to work with a customer who has been to the hotel before. Yes the hotel is close by the train station and in the middle of delhi, and the price is not bad. However, the customers are paying for a service, which is not there. From the bell hop, to the front desk clerk to the manager and the restaurant staff, there is no hospitality. I am not going to stay here anyone.	
Oct 21 2008 	Not worth the money	I stayed at the Hans for one night because it was close to New Delhi Railway station. I was told by the front desk who checked me in that I was upgraded to a better room so was happy. Upon initial entry, the room seemed good enough and worthy of the 5 star rating of the hotel (As well as the high price for India).However, as soon as I looked at the bed I found that three of the four pillows on the bed did not have pillow covers, and two of the four pillows had horrible yellow stains on them, not a good start. Also, I found some tiny insects walking on the bed sheet, the room wasn't bright enough and I did'nt have a flash light but I am fairly confident they looked like baby bed bugs. The bathroom only had one towel, and the shampoo bottle was already opened and previously used. If this were a budget hotel I would not complain, but this is a five star hotel and is the most expensive hotel I stayed in India, but was by far the worst. There is also a lot of noise from the street, some people may say this is India, but I stayed in other hotel that were very quiete at night.	
Sep 30 2008 	great hotel	stayed 2 days in the hotela great reward to end your trip in indiathe best hotel i have ever beena bit expensive for india but worth it	
Sep 17 2008	Really good hotel but a bit overexpensive	This hotel is located at a great location close to Jantar Mantar and a Metro Station. We were served with drinks upon arrival and even our rooms were upgraded to a bigger one. The food is perhaps the best that I've had in New Delhi; The food served at the Kaffa restaurant at the Hans is better than all of the Five Star Hotels that I've stayed at in New Delhi even though it is only a Four Star Hotel. The staff was friendly and cooperative and the rooms were EXTREMELY clean. The decor was soothing to the eyes. The buffet breakfast was also excellent...I recommend their doughnuts especially.The downside is that the food and beverages were ridiculously expensive and service charges were astronomical; In fact, The Intercontinental The Grand (which is just a stone's throw away from this hotel) is actually cheaper to the Hans in this regard. The airport taxi that we requested was also unbelievably highly priced for New Delhi (About 1200 rupees). Cellphone reception was also terrible as my Airtel line was continuously searching for a Network except at the door's entrance.But I had a wonderful stay and look forward to come back to this hotel someday.	
Jun 7 2008 	Reasonable Stay...But be careful of the details.....	The Hans Plaza is a clean and centrally located hotel which offers one a sense of comfort at what seems to be a reasonable price for Delhi ($150 inc. taxes per night). Overall staff was very friendly - but one has to be careful of a few things:1. There are vast differences b/w the different rooms with regard to confort and age of beds etc. Also, ask for room facing North-quieter and better view.2. If everything goes OK- then things are great - if not - it is hard to get satisfaction. We received a room where the airconditioner &quot;bubbled&quot; for about an two hours. They could not reallty fix it and were not terribly interested in compensating us for the above - though we lost two hours of sleep because of the above..3. Do not use their car services-they are far too expensive.But, all in all- a reasonabl;e place if you keep in mind the above.	
Apr 18 2008	Great place to stay for a cheap price!	This was a great hotel for the price. It does not have all the fancy frills and thrills that the five star hotels in Delhi have, but you also don't have to pay $600.00 to stay here. The resteraunts at the hotel are good, and offer a variety of foods to eat. I stayed in three different rooms over a 3 week period, and all the rooms were clean. They upgraded me the last day I stayed there to the deluxe room, which was very nice. I would definitely recommend staying here if your looking for a good room, at a cheap price (cheap for New Delhi).	
Apr 1 2008	Great hotel!	We stayed here as part of a tour group and had an excellent stay. The rooms were a good size and start on the 15th floor, going up to the 20th floor from what I could tell by the buttons in the lift (floors 5-14 were missing). This meant for good views over Delhi from the room, which was great as I could watch the black kites circling in the sky outside. The beds were a decent size and comfortable, and although the room felt very cold, at least the air conditioning was adjustable, so I could make it a more suitable temperature.The bathroom was clean and of a good size - the shower area was great as there was plenty of space to dry off as well as shower.We ate at the Kaffe restaurant on the 2nd floor and found the food of a high standard, trying out a variety of foods including the pizza, thai curry, burger and hotpot. It was some of the best food I've eaten! The service was quick and the waiters were attentive.The reception staff and porters were very helpful. Currency can be changed at a very fair rate at the hotel reception and stamps can be bought from the porters - as far as I know they were also going to post my postcards for me as they told me they would deal with them.	
Mar 21 2008 	Ok but a bit on the expensive side	Hans Hotel is a pretty nice place. The rooms are big, the views are nice and the restaurant is good. In fact, as an American traveling in India for several weeks, it was absolutely wonderful as they served beef! I cannot tell you how awesome that was. The price is a bit high for what you get but then again Delhi is not exactly an easy place to nab a room for a good price. Overall, my experience was good. The staff seems pretty willing to help. They were quite good at helping me out of a jam with a driver who clearly tried to overcharge me for a day trip around Delhi. The location is quite good also, right in the heart of New Delhi, not down some dark and disgusting alley. If the price is right, seriously consider going with them!	
Mar 2 2008	Quite pleased	The hotel provided a welcoming plate of fruit and cookies upon my late arrival after 1 am. The room was very clean, had a flat screen TV, and nice little extras such as free bottled water and a kettle. It was a nice start to my trip. Overall it was utilitarian rather than elegant, but the condition of everything was excellent.	
Dec 23 2007	Smart modern hotel	We stayed here as part of a private tour and I was impressed with the hotel. We had a good first night here after arriving by plane and a pleasant pit stop on the last night of the tour.From the description, it seems rather expensive but, as has been said elsewhere, this is an expensive city for hotels and there isn't really a middle ground. It's not in the same league as the big name hotels but I'd stay here again.If I were going to invest in something, I'd buy a Travel Lodge franchise in India and set up low cost modern hotels!	
Nov 2 2007 	Good average	Stayed at the Hans Hotel (no longer Hans Plaza) beginning of October. Reception was friendly. We arrived earlier than expected in the morning, they still gave us a room earlier than booked for, but had to wait a little while. The rooms are on the 14 th floor, so there is an excellent view over delhi. The room was &quot;a good average&quot;), but not the rating given for the hotel ( a common problem in Delhi). We had booked directly on the hotels web site, which was a rate as good as any other internet booking engine. At the beginning of October, I would say the prices were ok (for Delhi), but the rose significantly later in th month. Breakfast buffet was adequate, but not a huge selection. When we looked at the building on the outside, we were shocked at the statte of the facade (floors below the hotel floors), and hoped it did not reflect the state of the building structure. (fotos).Hotel is within walking distance of Connaught Place.Prepaid taxi from delhi airport is the best option. For retrun to the airport, the reception offered ther own cars (more expensive) , but also offered to phone a taxi	
Oct 17 2007 	Hans Plaza - Not Bad At All	Arrived in India in Delhi with prebooked premium double room for 3 nights at Hans Plaza. Spent $275/night including taxes thru Travelocity. This was in beginning of high season, end of September. Arrived at midnight and was told that our room was not available until the next day but they had an upgraded suite for our first night. At first, the suite seemed quite nice but the a/c wasn't adequate, and in the morning we were constantly disturbed by what sounded like a sing-songy door-bell. It was the service elevator bell which was hidden right next to our suite. Really horrible to hear every 5 minutes when you are whacked out on jet lag. If you stay here, beware of this suite location next to the service elevator. Next morning, they switched us to room 1912 on the corner and it was splendid: a/c worked fantastic, the toilet flush was powerful, the hot water shower was fine. Room was bright, quiet, clean and comfortable enough. I have the feeling that the rooms may differ greatly in this hotel. Don't know what the regular doubles look like. Desk personnel were very, very helpful with our many inquiries. Room attendants were eager to please when we asked for extra towels, etc. Staff overall was really very nice. An ordinary but large buffet breakfast was included. The Indian food was better than the western. Odd to be offered chicken cacciatore for breakfast! Location of hotel was very good, walkable to Connaught Circle and easy to get rickshaws for other attractions. Note: I noticed the prices for the Hans vary a lot on the internet travel services, and I missed out on a $150/night &quot;Good Buy&quot; from Travelocity that came and went fast. I recommend staying here if you want a large, convenient hotel in Delhi in the $200-$300 range after taxes. It is an overpriced city.	
Aug 6 2007	Beware	An average hotel with lifts that dont workBeware of using their phone, I made a five minute call to the UK and they tried to charge me over £40!The location is good but the restaurant is overpriced.You can do better	
Jul 11 2007 	Average Hotel in Delhi	The Hans Hotel is well located in Conaught Place. It ia a bit poor hotel for the price. In Europe you would get a far better hottel fot the price you pay. But Delhi in general is far more expensive then the rest of India in terms of hotels and I belive there is no mid range. Nothing special, just clean. The air conditioning works well, it is actually pretty cold in the hotel and the breakfast not bad.	
Jul 5 2007 	Don't be duped by the 4 star label!!	We were travelling for the first time in India for both business and pleasure and part of our trip had to include a visit north to see the amazing Taj Mahal. We arranged a stopover in New Delhi and because it was our first time we used the Flightcentre website (based in Australia) to review and book a hotel there. We are used to travelling in business class and it was important for us to have a good quality hotel whereever we stayed. Flightcentre had rated this hotel as four star but when we arrived we were in for a real shock - more like a one star than anything - the rooms were dreadful, small and pokey and threadbare!! Certainly none of the amenities one expects from this rating accomodation were there - by the way this was halfway through our trip and we had stayed in some amazing 4 and 5 star hotels throughout India (NOT booked through flightcentre), so this was not a case of misunderstanding the quality provided in India. Anyway we grabbed our luggage and got out of there as fast as we could and moved to the stunning Imperial Hotel that was one of the best hotels we have stayed in ever. So moral of the story - be wary of ratings - especially from Flightcentre, Australia - and if you are looking for a budget style, very basic hotel with a 4 star price tag then Hans Plaza in New Delhi is the place. (ps - flightcentre refused to reimburse us for our booking because we didn't give 72 hours cancellation notice !!!!)	
Jun 6 2007 	A lil expensive for an average stay	In the 3 hotels that we've stayed during our trip in India covering Delhi, Agra (Sheraton Mughal) &amp; Mumbai (Ascot Hotel), the Hans Plaza was expensive for a pretty average hotel stay. We paid Rs6500 for a triple-sharing room &amp; Rs5500 for a twin-sharing room incl. buffet breakfasts. The lobby was modern (seems newly renovated) in the minimalistic/&quot;zen&quot; look and we were offered cooling welcome drinks while we were checked-in. The reception staff were cordial &amp; efficient at checking us in.The concierge/bell person was friendly &amp; helpful in helping us to get our bags to the room. We got both rooms side by side and right near the elevators but we slept well without much disturbances from outside though the doors were pretty thin. The rooms were clean with woodish floors and marble flooring at the entrance &amp; to the bathroom.Twin rooms were a good size but it gets a little cramped with the extra bed in the triple sharing room. TV has over 60 channels but most were in Hindi though there is StarMovies &amp; HBO.Bathroom only have showers (no bathtub) but clean and water pressure is good. We had some problems with the hot water kettle and some of the power points did not work. The staff were very helpful though and fast in responding to our needs.You do get very good views outside as the rooms are all located above the 15th floor. The only downside is that the two tiny elevators are a little slow and sometimes you have to wait a while for it.There is a good selection at breakfast buffet for both local &amp; international tastes. However the variety is the same daily so after a few days, you'll get kinda bored with the food.Overall we had a comfortable stay. It was well-located, within minutes of walking to Connaught Place and the area was safe.I suppose this may be good value in Delhi where hotel prices are known to be sky high at times! We did see quite a few business type people staying at the hotel so I guess this is considered a business class hotel.	
May 25 2007 	Great relief to get to the Hans Plaza	Great location, within walking distance to great restaurants, shopping and subway/metro station right around the corner.Welcoming drinks, very helpful staff, clean and modern facilities.The restaurant has good breakfast (Indian and Western).We stayed at this hotel during the last part of our trip to India, which was a great relief for us, after being just about everywhere.Two minor issues:1. The charge (and not cheap) for internet access in the room.2. Some people arrived in the middle of the night, with zero common sense, making plenty of noise.Bottom line, trying to save some money staying somewhere cheaper may be a really bad experience. This is a safe bet and good value.	
May 4 2007 	Incredible IndiaIncredible Hans...	We were a group of friends on our 02nd trip to Incredible India and we must say that she was enchanting as ever and the stay at Hans was the icing on the cake. A fabolous hotel run by a wonderful team. Personalized but at the same time professional. Special thanks to the ever so friendly Front office team, F&amp;B team and the perfect service from the House keeping. The rooms were spec and clean at all times. The USP of Hans is the splendid view you will have of Delhi from the rooms. With the rooms on the 16 - 18th floor, you cant ask for anything more grandeur. If we go in search of short comings, the only draw back..a minute one is in the Italian Restaurant, when cooking with cheeses, it will be great if you could mention in the menu as well the type of cheeses used because the cheese can change the flavour of the dish completely and rightfully, it will be great to know whether its your preferred choice. And to serve double esspressos in the appropriate cup rather than a normal coffee cup. Th reason being that, The infrastructure and the decor of the Restaurants are definitely to the latest International dining experiences, the accompanying cutleries and the crockeries should definitely compliment it. Rest assured, IT'S DEFINITELY VALUE FOR MONEY! AND DEFINITELY SALUTES INCREDIBLE INDIA. Thanks to the wonderful team for making our stay memorable. Alessia Falconi,Federica Cenci, Carmine Selvaggio, Mirko Mancuso, Antony John.	
Feb 1 2007	Good location lovely hotel	This is a well situated hotel. I was pleasantly surprised with my room, it was larger than average, very clean and of a high 4-star standard. Breakfast was always a treat and I ordered room service once which was also very good and reasonably priced. The staff were courtious and very helpful. The hotel is a 2 min walk to the metro - an excellent way to get around! Overall, Hans Plaza is highly recommended - and I'm very fussy so that's a huge compliment!!	
Jan 17 2007	Average hotel good restaurant	I stayed here as part of a tour group - but I've seen how expensive it is on their website and I would have not paid that much.Rooms - clean and comfortable - great views over New DelhiReception staff - not brilliant - short changed on our currency exchange, got our alarm call wrong (called us 1 hour early - irritating).Housekeeping - came very quickly when I complained the hairdryer didn't work. Noise - no double glazing here - plus there was building works during the day.Restaurant - good breakfasts and worth a visit for lunch or dinner. Staff here very friendly, although getting a cup of tea in the morning is a bit of an effort.Location - good central location.I wouldn't recommend this place to my friends.	
Dec 12 2006 	Good business traveler's hotel well-located	We spent the first two nights of our Indian holiday in this centrally located hotel, close to shopping and with easy access to both New and old Delhi. The breakfast was good, though it felt a bit warm in the sunshine through the windows of the breakfast room. The room was adequate in size, modern in facilities, comfortable, and clean. The staff was unenthusiastic but adequate. We would stay here again.	
Jul 15 2006	A Bad Experience	We wish we had read the reviews before choosing this hotel. It was truly a bad experience. Firstly, we arrived at 1 p.m. and needed to rest after a long flight. They were repairing a sewer pipe in the next room, hammering it out of concrete, this went on till 11 p.m. When we complained to the manager, he turned his back and walked away. The restaurant had been moved to the second floor, our hotel directory stated it was on the top floor. The wait time for food was exceptionally long and the restaurant Manager lined up three of the restaurant staff and started shouting at them in front of customers. The front desk was not helpful in arranging transport to a tourist attraction that we wanted to visit. I could go on, but I think that is enough.	
May 4 2006 	Among the Worst in more than Eur 100 per night hotels in the World	Staying in this hotel is really an awful experience which started from the reservation for me. This hotel does not respond to e-mails and their booking forms on the website. You get welcomed by a poorly lit entrance, shabby lobby and reception area. Cable TV was out of order in 2 out of 4 nights I stayed there. From hot water tap once muddy water came out. The electric kettle for tea/coffe in the room had a UK plug which of course does not work in India. The remote control for TV was broke. This hotel needs a big overhaul, repaint and motivated staff. It does a great damage to an already bad image of Indian hotels. Just a week back I stayed at Novotel in Madrid for 65 Eur per night, it was just perfect. For 100 Eur per night this hotel sucks!! They do not have indoor swimming pool as they advertise on Expedia. In fact in India, there are hardly many indoor pools.	
Apr 30 2006	Nice room- terrible service	We booked the Hans Plaza via the internet for three people. Upon arrival, we were given a room with a king size bed and told that a cot and extra amenities would be delievered soon. Despite many repeated calls to reception, housekeeping and management they were never delivered. At check out, we were charged an extra 25USD for the cot, which never arrived. When discussed with management they refused to amend the bill. The room itself was modern and clean- but pity about the terrible service.	
Mar 29 2006 	Expensive not 4 stars	We booked this hotel on-line. The photos shown were not like the hotel. Internet connection was done via WIFI and very expensive because it was so slow. The bar staff at the roof top bar were the slowest people ever, no imported beers avaliable.There was only a hand full of chairs no where to sit.The roof top resturants was closed too. The resturant on floor 2 was clean and newly decorated, but very slow again.we waited 1 hour for our food and drinks, and there was only 4 tables of people eating. The place needs a good clean up outside, rubbish blowing about etc. Food for breakfast was always cold. The toaster was broke too. The plus point is that its only a 10 min walk to the Inner Circle of Connaught Place!	
Mar 16 2006	standard well located and friendly	We stayed 2 nights in Hans Plaza at arrival and departure from India in Feb-March 06. First time, the room needed renovation but the second room on the 17th floor was OK with a superb view. The lobby area is not very accomodating but the staff was friendly and helpfull. It's worth the price	
Jan 27 2006	Good hotel - 3 stars	Stayed in this hotel as part of group a three families, on arrival in Delhi and just before departure. Had no problems with our accommodation: it was clean and warm. Rception staff a bit lazy and aloof. Restaurant staff charming. Food excellent!	
Dec 18 2005	Small 	A very nice hotel. We spent one night there. The Hotel lacks the facilities of pool, gym,etc., but the staff are very good and kind. they run a good show. Breakfast buffet is decent	
Dec 15 2005	Not a good hotel!	Please do not stay at this hotel...especially if you have kids!We got to the hotel very late in the night...3am,the room was below average, the toilet looked clean but there was a nasty smell, the shower was broken!To top it off though our electricity kept cutting out, that was because I was trying to warm up my baby's milk in the kettle provided...basically everytime I put the kettle on the electric would go, it took 4 phone calls and a visit by the duty manager to rectify this.I asked the manager if our breakfast could be sent to our room as a one off as it was very late now and we may not get up in time, he said he was not sure if he could do that but he would get back to me, guess what,never heard from him after that.Dont stay here if you can help it...disgusting service and manky rooms!	
Dec 12 2005	really really bad	I stayed here recently and had a really bad experience.First of all reserving a room was a hassle. One person says rooms are available and an other says not available. They also seem to cheat people on the rates mentioned on their website. As soon as you talk to them they change the rates especially if you are foreigner. I had to get a person in India to book in Indian Rupees to get a cheaper rate. So if you are a paying in dollars, good luck.  The customer service is bad. The room's lock is broken, tv signal is of very poor quality. Had to wait for a long time to get response from reception. Tried to get a car at the front-desk but did not get the car on time or a hotel car as promised, but instead given a third party car which is barely running. The driver assigned was also rude, drove recklessly even for indian standards and did not bother listening to anything i said and stopped at places for his own errands.Th breakfast was below average also, very few varieties and they even charge exorbitantly for drinking water. And finally while checking out, the receptionist calculated the bill wrongly and cannot even do basic math like (16 + 18) and they charged me more than they quoted. When I questioned the bill they tried to trick me by saying that the dollar rate changed, blah blah blah... after which i told them i booked the room in indian rupees and told them its really not good cheating customers just because you can get away. In summary, I am never ever going to stay or recommend this hotel to any my friends.	
Oct 23 2005	Hans Plaza - hit and miss	I stayed in the Hans Plaza for 3 nights over a 10 day period and was impressed with 2 of the nights I stayed there. Was given a very nice room on the 19th floor each time with excellent decor and in room facilities - good size bathroom also. The 3rd night I checked in there I was given a room on the 17th floor which was far inferior to their other rooms. I complained but was told they were full. No bathtub, no coffee/tea facilities and not even bedspreads on the beds. In my opinion only 3 star standard for these rooms. I was also kept waiting 3 hours until 1.30 for this room with no apology from reception or refreshments while waiting. I would stay here again but only if guaranteed one for their newer rooms. Breakfast is poor unless you want a cooked one-stale pastries and toast otherwise. This could be an excellent hotel if they complete the refurbishment and retrain reception staff.	
Mar 7 2005	Good value for money	I've stayed in Hans Plaza in September 2004. Although the rooms need renovation and the reception area is not that comfortable, I still found it value for money. The staff was friendly and helpfull. On the last floor there is a restaurant (included breakfast was very good) from where (if the weather is clear) you have a great panorama view of Delhi. Connaught Place and Janpath are 15 min. walk away.	
Apr 10 2009	Ni se te ocurra alojarte en triple		
Mar 13 2009 	????????????		
Dec 5 2007	Muy bueno. Céntrico.		
