Aug 20 2009 	no complaints basic and clean	this hotel was just fine, no problems, room was clean&amp; bright, staff were courteous. in hindsight, maybe a little expensive but it's a good idea to have somewhere like this booked before arriving in delhi	
Mar 3 2009 	When you follow an Indian guy down an alley blame yourself.	So, you’ve wandered into Paharganj, down Main Bazaar rd &amp; stepped off the main street into a small back-alley past a dozen hole-in-the-wall businesses selling hot curry-the-food &amp; the stomach bug, tobacco, toilet paper &amp; ‘bottle-water’ straight from the local tap &amp; found yourself here, or more precisely been led here by a guy from another hotel promising you the cure for cancer &amp; your very own private jet. Welcome to the Hotel RAK International.The young reception dude has a suspicious mustache, wears a buttoned shirt with the top 4 buttons undone, tight pants, sandals &amp; wears gold jewelry, yes I know, he obviously pulls the foreign girls no doubt probably works for his rich uncle, it’s the sort of place you remember when you regret things in your youth.We paid 550 rupees for a 2 bed room without air-con, fan &amp; hot water, we paid this much to avoid a few other rooms with more mould &amp; filth in the bathroom. Negotiating for a price is a must no matter how poor your skills are, just check out the bacteria &amp; germs we paid for…Yes, im not very good at it I know. Most of the rooms are of such quality in this hotel as well as most of Paharganj’s alternate budget accommodation, you are spoilt for choice for this type of humble dwelling so take your time choosing your rats nest, there are always plenty more available. Our 34cm TV at least worked &amp; didn’t blow up, our fan didn’t fall off the ceiling &amp; we didn’t ‘really’ require a mosquito net. Nor was the water green or brown &amp; there were definitely no ghosts in our room. We had to climb up 5 levels worth of stairs &amp; yes there was no elevator, this is a health warning to fat people to look elsewhere.The Hotel RAK International has a roof-top restaurant staffed by ethnic (Asiatic) Nepalese who answer to the cool reception dude with the moustache &amp; gold jewelry; you know they are paid in crumbs so tip well as they are cheerful &amp; friendly, unlike the reception staff who are friends with the mosquitoes there. However for a fraction of the restaurant price, I suggest you wander down Main Bazaar rd &amp; sample the foods that the locals come for such as fresh lassi &amp; fruit juice, samosa’s &amp; chicken kebabs.Don’t bother booking any taxis or motorized rickshaws with the hotel staff as they charge almost double the street rate, but if you did &amp; you stayed here to save money, I shake my head at you.The management here operate 2 more hotels of similar quality next door &amp; around the alley as well as a main one on Main Bazaar rd, they will promise you the world to shuffle you around once you agree on a price so they can keep the better rooms for those willing to pay the most. Remain calm &amp; try not to start any fist fights with management as us foreigners are clueless as to the true meaning of the side-ways head wobble which could mean anything from a simple yes, no, a combination of both or a coded signal to masked Indian ninjas waiting to jump you.Stay in Paharganj if you can hack it, it’s a seedy place full of shaddy Indians, hippies, wannabe hippies, ignorant holiday-makers &amp; true travelers. Bring a silk bed sheet to avoid the rashes &amp; old mattresses, bring an open mind, your travel guide &amp; enjoy India as it should be enjoyed the hard way.	
Sep 4 2008 	Loved the Staffs	I loved this hotel. it was perfect. nice room, cheap price, and especially the staffs. they were all very nice and very helpful. if i go back to new delhi, i will definetely stay in this hotel again. its just the best hotel for the backpackers and for everyone.	
Aug 3 2008 	Good location for New Delhi station.	We only saw one room since it was the last one available. The room was pleasant enough, although it was right next to reception and the front door, and thus noisy. Delhi is a noisy city, so always inspect a few rooms first. In this hotel the bathroom was dirty which prompted us to move down the road to Hotel Vivek (check the review!)The main reason you will end up on the Main bazaar in a hotel like this, is because it’s close to the New Delhi train station where you can catch the all important trains to Agra (to see the Taj Mahal) and Jaipur. Both trains leave early morning, and this hotel is literally minutes away from the station. Incidentally go straight to the international ticket office on the 1st floor to buy these tickets. It opens 8am-8pm (2pm on Sundays), and ignore the people that tell you it’s closed down/being renovated, and direct you to their friend’s/brother’s travel agent.Staff were friendly enough, and not that bothered when we told them we were moving out!We paid 750 rupees for a double room with A/C and en-suite bathroom. There was no breakfast included.	
Apr 24 2008 	Budget but nice...	stayed at hotel rak international twice recently whilst in delhi and liked it very much. it's basic as are most budget hotels in the area but i love paharganj and it's bussle, and my room was quiet and clean. hotel itself is nothing special and you're not allowed to have guests in your room, but think this makes for a peaceful stay which after a days walking around the madness of delhi is very welcome.	
Nov 16 2009 	El personal es muy gracioso		
