Nov 20 2009 	Live upto the expectations	I stayed there in Jan'08 for a about 3 days after my marriage and before my Honeymoon in Goa. The stay was very comfortable and most amazing part was where Hotel allowed my uncle to dress entire room with flowers (something which management was little reluctant earlier).Room was clean and room service prompt. The size of room was quite good and bathroom was very clean and spacious too.	
Nov 18 2009 	NOTHING TO SHOUT ABOUT	over priced - US$144 twin room with an extra bed. / US$ 122 for a twin room.staff are friendly. breakfast is not bad. decent food ,both western and local.hotel is old. wifi is okay ,costly INR 200 per hour.overall ,i owuld be happier if i paid US$ 60 for the room.the tray charge came as a surprise.	
Oct 6 2009 	Hotel Vikram	Hotel Vikram offers all the facilites you want. They are though a ona littl eexpensive side.I guess, for the tariff that they charge, you could easily tak eosme other luxurious hotel. Theer isnt anythign special . Teh locations doe not have any major scenic locale, no views etc..The place aslo is hoem to a lot of unwanted people (read :Prositutes etc) .You might run into some drunk men also.The good thing is the breakfast that they give. its a buffet &amp; really lavish . N really yummy!	
Aug 11 2009 	good value clean hotel but...	I had stayed there for one night and had some good sleep. It costs me around USD100, include breakfast, so quite good value. Very clean but it has no air con in the washroom and it is very hot this time round (36C. The control over the air con in the room is not function but luckily it has a very pleasant ceiling fan. Happy with its size and cleaniness.However very unprofessional receptionist with dirty hands and uniform, no smile and it seems bothering her when checking in. Usually they will let you get out of the lift first and they will follow when showing you to the room but this receptionist pushed me a bit and she get out first, this is rude! Dont eat western food like carbonara as it never looks like one although it is a simple crusine, asian food looks and taste better. Be careful, they charge you 200 rupees for an hour internet usae which I think is outragoues.	
Jun 26 2009 	Felt myself like a Princess! :)	Hello! I traveled to India with my fiancé in April, 2009. To say I liked it is to say nothing! May be the part of my excitement was the fact that I finally made it to the country of my dreams. The Vikram Hotel is in 10 min drive to the Lotus Temple. What I really liked is that there was a Travel Agent working at the hotel who helped us to arrange our trip to Agra and all the sightseeing tours (just Hotel taxi driver, no English speaking guide) around Delhi. He also booked our airline tickets to Kochi, Kerala. (Just for your information, know that there are two airports in Delhi – for Domestic flights and for international flights. These two are located in 15 min drive apart from each other). Hotel personnel was polite and friendly, rooms were surprisingly clean. Was impressed with Restaurant food and service. Kingfisher beer is the best! ? Of course there are many other hotels in Delhi you can choose from. But for me Vikram was the best place during our stay in Delhi. No doubt, I will choose it again if we will ever travel to Delhi again.	
Jun 19 2009 	A hotel in Delhi	A decent and reasonably priced hotel in Delhi. Value for the money and the hotel is kept clean and maintained well. The staff are very cooperative and helpful. Very close to many business establishments and would suggest for people who do not want to spend more money on accommodation and want a good quality and comfortable stay in Delhi	
Jun 13 2009 	Good facility	Had travelled to Delhi with a group of about 30 people on a business trip and was in charge of all the logistics arrangements. Hotel Vikram was recommended by the travel agent and visited it before confirming the booking. The rooms are very clean, freshly done up and comfortable. Specifically choose a carpeted room especially in winters as the rates are the sameStayed there for 3 days with the entire group and didnt face a single complaint from the guests. The food at the in-house restaurant is good and so is the room service. Just that the swimming pool was under maintainance during our stay.Location is very accessible and at walkable distance from the popular Lajpat Nagar market.All in all a good choice and fair value for money.	
May 15 2009 	Best Location in Delhi	My friend told me about this hotel, it is value for money in everyway ie food,alchol,room etc so overall you dont end up spending much in the hotel.Quality of food is also vey good infact I had the best Indian food here.Staff is very helpful and best part is location its right next to all the bars, shopping and also work places.......	
May 2 2009 	Average property..	The staff was quick with check-in, but the floor lobbies &amp; rooms had old carpet, which smelled stale and bad. Plenty of hot running water (which leaked through the standup shower door onto the entire bathroom floor), but bed mattresses were old &amp; lumpy. The bathroom vent was woefully covered with plastic from the outside. The restaurant was decorated well which made it pleasing to the eye. The food on the a la carte menu was one of the hotel’s stronger points. Wouldn't recommend or stay here again	
Feb 4 2009 	Budget hotel for 2 nights	This is one of those hotels with the archetypal Indian doorman, complete with giant moustache and turban. A nice touch when you first arrive but that novelty wears off. Metal detectors were installed at the entrance, but don’t work. This set the standard for what was to come. The room was adequate though the immovable shower head was annoyingly weak, and being 6ft tall, I had to bend me knees in order to get under it. Being in the city, I can accept it being noisy in the night, but with the bathroom vent woefully covered with plastic from the outside, and pigeons coming and going, it wasn’t pleasant. The bed was saggy and the sheets had seen better days. The restaurant was decorated well which made it pleasing to the eye. The food on the a la carte menu was one of the hotel’s stronger points, with a fair selection at reasonable prices. The breakfast buffet was, in contrast, sparse and so could have done with more continental choices like pastries.There is no gym and the outdoor pool was closed in the winter season. For the 2 night stay we had, it was average, but I would be reluctant to stay there again, especially if it was any longer than 2 nights.	
Sep 20 2008 	Brown shower water honking horns	The hotel is located near the hospital I was intending to visit, near Nehru Place. The hotel has a small restaurant, there are taxis available, and the hotel itself is no beter or worse than your average US economy hotel. They have a little garden out front, and the restaurant is clean. I did not like the noise of the cars honking all night long (the hotel is near a major street). The hotel itself is quiet, but apparently doesn't have double hung windows or soundproofing. There was a jalousie window in the bathroom that opened directly out onto the street which also made the bathroom hot and noisy compared to the room. The water ran brown in the bathroom the last day and the water temperature was tempramental during my visit. I used the dry cleaning service and they *washed* my wool business dress, ruining it. I would stay this is a fine hotel for a budget tourist trip, but I wouldn't stay here on business. If you stay here, bring ear plugs.	
Mar 22 2008 	2 stars at best do not recommend	My Background: I am a frequent international business traveller (US, Europe, China &amp; India) and when on personal vacation, an adventure traveller (Europe, South America, Africa, APAC).Hotel Vikram Review:I would stay here if,- you are on a tight budget, looking for a below average hotel to stay- you are a local Indian business man, with non-western expectationsI wouldn't stay here if,- personal vacation in Delhi- business travel with western hotel expectations- with familyIn a nut shell, this hotel is 2 stars at best. Its safe, has AC (if it doesn't fail), clean bathroom and a comfortable bed. Its a very basic hotel. I recently travelled to Delhi for a trade show and stayed here because my local sales manager had booked us here. I had reserved a Luxury room, which is loosely defined. When I checked in, I asked for a non-smoking room, and was led to a room with a single bed (i.e. prison size bed). Apparently, all their non-smoking rooms have single beds - which is tucked away beside a wall that was fairly stained. I had immediately asked for another room with a double or queen size bed, but was told all rooms with larger beds are &quot;smoking&quot;. Since I was staying here for almost 5 nights, I wanted a decent size bed to sleep in so I braved the smoking room. It turned out to be ok, with no distinct smoking smell. The carpets in the room are quite old and worn, and not overly clean. The bed is comfortable, but the clean staff for some reason always wrap the comforter (the covering that never gets changed!) around the pillows, which makes the pillows not very appealing to sleep on. The sheets are well worn, and have stains that cannot be washed out. The rooms do not have ironing boards or an iron, so you have to dial room service to get one every morning - which usually takes 30-45 minutes to arrive (i think they must only have one and its shared among all the guests every morning!!). When it does arrive, the iron is from the 60's, and is basically a piece of metal with a handle and an electric cord. It does not steam, etc. like a modern iron. The ironing board is heavily yellow stained (like someone urinated on it). The bathroom is quite small but usable. My room in particular did not have running cold water in the sink. The shower has good water pressure. Half way through my stay, the motor of my room's AC died in the middle of the night, so I had to change room again (3 times in total within 5 days). Every room has wireless Internet, but the connection is quite slow. A week's worth of Internet is 1500 Rs, but if you put it from the front desk (instead of online), its a bit cheaper. The staff is generally friendly. The restaurant downstairs is not bad, although the breakfast is quite basic. By default, they serve you instant coffee, so you need to ask for &quot;black espresso&quot;, in which case they brew it from a machine. The Indian food in the restaurant is pretty good, as I ate there a few evenings after long days. Room service is efficient and quick. The hotel has a Tourist desk that can arrange tours to Taj Mahal. It'll cost you 4200 Rs to hire a private car and driver. A guide will cost another 500 Rs (which you paid to the guide directly). The drive to Agra/Taj Mahal is about 3-4 hours, so leave early (6am). Would I go back again? No. However, my expectations might be different than others, so if you are looking for a 2-star quality hotel, than Hotel Vikram is fine. But if you are a westerner travelling on company business, I would recommend you stick to a western chain hotel. The location of hotel is irrelevant as you have to take a cab everywhere anyway in Delhi generally. The noise level outside the hotel is pretty loud - I can always hear frequent car honks and dogs barking in my room, so if you are a light sleeper, you might have trouble sleeping.I hope this helps the next person make their choice. I paid 8500 Rs for my room. Hotels in Delhi are generally expensive due to lack of rooms and high demand. Bare in mind that price of a hotel room does not necessary reflect its quality like it normally does in North America or Europe.	
Dec 29 2007 	Reasonable value - we would go again	My family (2 Adults and 2 Children) stayed at the Vikram at the end of October 2007 for 10 days. Having previously been in India in 2002 and at the time, for what was then called the Marriott Hotel (its name has changed now- can't remember what) we paid £60 room only, we were now alarmed to find that an average room in a 5* hotel was £220+ per night. We therefore decided to go for a cheaper option, bearing in mind we could run into problems with this decision!!!However, we were pleased to find that the Vikram is a clean and friendly hotel. It is about a 20 minute taxi ride from the centre of Delhi (depending on traffic conditions). We negotiated Rs 10,000 per night for a luxury room including 2 extra beds and breakfast. In all honesty we have to say it equalled the 5* hotel we previously stayed in if you are a tourist. (In fact the luxury room was larger than the room we stayed at in the Marriott )If you are looking for a clean hotel in Delhi at a reasonable cost, then the Vikram is fine. In the UK it easily exceeds Travelodge, Premier Lodge etc. However - for room service the alcohol was expensive - especially wine!!!The swimming pool was dry in October and we are not sure when it will be refilled. If you are looking for a reasonable price, then we would have no hesitation in recommending the Vikram. Remember 4* in the UK isn't necessarily 4* in India - it is perfectly adequate.	
Sep 5 2007	Could do a lot worse	We spend a bit of time in Delhi on business and have stayed in a number of hotels. Whilst I agree that there are some problems with the hotel (yes the staff aren't very friendly) it feels much more homely than all others in the City. The snacks in the bar are terrific (try the chili chicken) and it's a great place for a quiet beer after a full on day in the hustle and bustle that is Delhi. There are some interesting walks around the hotel into what I presume to be fairly up market areas with their own common gardens and the market is mightily impressive (if you're into shopping).	
Apr 9 2007 	Expensive	We stayed in a superior room between 02 March and 07 March 2007. The room was spacious and stylishly furnished. Room service food was good and was also reasonably priced. The only problem though was that the front-desk staff was very unfriendly and very unhelpful. In addition, the location is not ideal. It is about a 30min drive by tuk-tuk to Connaught Place and the main shopping and tourist areas. Overall the hotel was ok, but we felt that it was not value for money and would probably not stay at this hotel in the future.	
Dec 17 2006 	Value for Money	I had a comfortable stay at the Vikram, Delhi. Hotel is situated in Lajpat Nagar, just off the Ring Road which is the main arterial road of Delhi, making it easier to travel around. Although the immediate surroundings doesn't have much to offer.The lobby is bit on the smaller side but adequate seating is available for it's size. Check-in was fast but not very friendly.Room was adequate in size for a hotel in this class. Bed was comfortable and TV had most of the cable channels. Bathroom was good. The window didn't offer much of a view.Breakfast was good and plentiful. Breakfast area was pretty neat and it also had a large Plasma display. Service was okay.Overall, a good experience though the hotel is more of 3 star class rather than 4 star as it claims to be.	
Nov 21 2006 	great for this price range	In Delhi you can either spend $200 plus for a luxury hotel, or take a risk at the lower ranges and hope for the best. We wanted the Ambassador which is very centrally located but they were booked, so we tried Hotel Alka- bad choice- don't stay there!!In the morning we packed our bags and went searching for something better and ended up at Hotel Vikram in Lajpat Nagar. It's about 20 min or so from Connaught, etc, but close to the Lotus Temple and other sites, and Greater Kailash which has great shopping and restaurants, as well as the Lajpat Nagar market which is very good, much better prices then downtown.The hotel has recently been refurbished so the carpets and rooms are new and very nice, and the bathroom was small but nicely done, even better than the Taj Mahal bathrooms. The staff was very kind and helpful and we were thrilled to find it after our terrible experience at Alka.Not good for wondering around outside, but good for a safe haven after an intense day in the city. It's clean, nice, and friendly, and not too far from the airport (always depending on traffic)	
Apr 21 2006	So so hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Vikram hotel twice during April 2006. It is described as a 4 star hotel but is no better than a very average 3 star hotel. The rooms were O.K. (television, air conditioning etc) but hot water was temperamental and twice I had to take a cold shower. Buffet breakfast was rather bland and the options limited. Hotel bar was small and pokey but the drinks and snacks were well priced. Check in was efficient but not very friendly. On the plus side the hotel was clean and safe and was conveniently located close to the Locus Temple, Qutb Minar and the South Extension Markets. Overall not a bad place to stay as long as you are not paying 4 star rates	
Jan 15 2006	OK	Room was clean and comfortable enough, but bathroom window had no screen and was covered by some sort of tarp from the outside! Neighborhood is not nice, not a place to be walking around. Service was adequate. Even though proximity to major tourist sites is good on the map, it took a long time to get to anything.	
Jan 9 2006	Go somewhere else.	Although rated as 4-star in India, this was definitely not a 4-star hotel. The staff was quick with check-in, but the floor lobbies &amp; rooms had old carpet, which smelled stale and bad. Plenty of hot running water (which leaked through the standup shower door onto the entire bathroom floor), but bed mattresses were old &amp; lumpy. Wouldn't recommend or stay here again.	
Jan 22 2005	Pristine refuge in the heart of Delhi	We recently spent three nights at the Hotel Vikram and had a wonderful time. Rooms were spotless and comfortable, an ideal refuge after a day of sightseeing -- furnishings were new and tasteful, shower and bathroom extraordinarily clean, and traffic noise minimal. Service was impeccable, from the front desk to the travel desk and hotel drivers to the very efficient room service. Breakfast was also quite good, with a good selection of continental and Indian specialities. Convenient location too. Great value, excellent hotel!	
Feb 10 2009 	Nettes Hotel sehr guter Service im Restaurant...		
