Sep 10 2009 	great	I couldnot forget my stay with hotel york. I had a good time over there. I felt myself so much comfortable during my stay over there. All the staff are nice and polite and hospitable in each and every way. I have visited so many hotels in my life visiting the mostly all places in India. But never been such kind of amenities and services what I found in hotel york.Indeed, I will definately recommand my relation and all my colleages to visit hotel york at least once in a life Girish parwar	
May 6 2009 	Terrible Place	I had the misfortune of staying in Hotel york a few days back.. by far my worst experience ever.The rooms do not have a fan.. not do they have individually controlled AC.. the AC was controlled centrally at the whims of the owners. Most of the times, it was turned off, as a result of which the room was very very stuffy. The night was really really bad tho.. thinking that the guest would have been asleep, the hotel turned off the AC at abt 11:00 P.M. and despite repeated complatints, refused to turn it on making excusses such as power cut in the entire area, local power cut, fault with the AC etc etc. Finally went to sleep at 2 after been fed up. the guys did not even have a table fan!!The rooms were pretty sad too.. matress was ok but the place was dingy.. too too little light.STay away form this place!	
Apr 5 2009 	Superb restaurant	The rest has a bit of catching up to do. Reception staff did not inspire confidence - don't land in late at night or you are fair game. Room staff friendly and attentive. Room itself ok for R300 - ask to see room, bring bag + haggle there. Make to leave if no joy at first. Agree price, leave bag + get written quote(I just paid cash) at reception as staff can change day on day and they feel honour bound to try it on. Check out central Delhi then eat in restaurant. Food and waiting staff exemplary. Central location best + worst bit, convenient to a lot but lively and noisy. It was much the same 20 years ago, apart from prices!	
Jan 5 2008	Hellhole	Arrived late at night and accepted room in a bit of a hurry. Big mistake. Found a small lizard scurrying around the room, what looked like bedbugs in one of the beds, dust bunnies under the bed, battered walls in bathroom, dirt on many surfaces. Neighbor in next room was blasting TV at 1:00am and walls were quite thin.Gathered up my stuff, returned the key to reception and got the hell out, walked into the street at 1:00am and hailed a rickshaw for Clark International.	
May 1 2007 	Cheaters and too dirty - Not recommended	Arrived late and tired in this hotel. We read the review in the Lonely Planet and thought it would be a nice hotel.There where no rooms left (they said), but the Suite was free. Price: 6000 rs. We brought it down to 4000 incl. taxes. After we agreed, they asked us to pay 4000 rs + tax. We didn't agree anymore, because we agreed 4000 rs including tax.Then -out of nowhere - there was another free room. We where too tired and just took it. The price: 3250 rs excl. tax.They told us all the rooms where like this room. So we agreed with the price, but told them it was too high for the room. Soon we where regretting taking this room. It was dirty everywhere. The chairs, the bed, the toilet and the shower. Everything was really dirty. The shower was cold and there was a lot of noise at night from the personnel around the room.The next day we discovered that the other rooms where different and that they cheated on us to pay this amount of money. (We just walked into another room to check)We made a complaint, but there was no way of getting any discount or excuse. We where not allowed to speak with the manager (by phone). I saw his number on the telephone display and went across the street to call this man.He told us that we agreed with the room. In fact we did. But we did not asked for the noise from the personnel, the dirt in the room and the stained matresses, the COLD shower etc... Telling us that all the rooms where the same was a great lie.We paid the full amount and left.Have a look at the pictures... The cleanness of the rooms is on the same level as similar the service they offer you.(By the way: they offer breakfast, but you cannot have it in the York Resaurant downstairs, you have to eat it in your room (bon appetit :-( or in the LOBBY!)	
Apr 25 2007 	Decent place by Delhi Standards	Before I start this review, let me tell you something about myself. I was born and raised in India, allthough have spent the past 7 years in the US and travelled to many countries. So I am used to certain things while in India and have certain expectations in other countries - so my review may be a bit skewed (but not really). First of all, if you intend spending something below $150 for a room in Delhi - expect the worst. Delhi is expensive and every hotel is looking to cash in on tourists. To expect western standards for something below 150-200 bucks is almost impossible. If you go to a 5 star (or sometimes a 4-star), you will get what you expect. Any hotel that says it is 3-star is generally a sham as there is no clear demarcation on what is a 3-star or 2-star in Delhi (or for that matter in india).The reason, I chose York was for the location. - It was on the Outer Circle of Connaught Palace -- right in the heart of Delhi -- so there was always a lot of Hustle Bustle. Close to the railway station and almost central to everything that you would want to see. Pricing is a bit Expensive $87 (including tax), but most things were ok. The room was clean, the sheets, towels, blankets were clean. The mattress was worse than a $40 mattress. The room service was decent -- the waiters do not keep knocking on your door, asking if you need anything. They only come if you call and that too promptly. The hot water was good, pressure excellent, bathroom overall reasonably clean. The area is safe and plenty of restaurants around. Overall, I had no complaints. Just remember - most $50 motels in the US would have far better amenities. But this was Delhi -- and I had lowered my standards before I even started looking for a place. If you hunt well -- you can probably get a cheaper place with better amenities. I was a little lazy and this was only the 3rd motel i looked at.Just as a note of caution, do not book any hotel in Delhi before hand unless it is 4-star, 5-star and unless you are going during peak season and chances of finding a decent hotel room are bleak. Take a pre-paid cab from Delhi airport and keep hunting till you find a good place.Pay the cabbie a couple of 100 bucks (around $4-$5) and he will oblige. Look at the rooms before you decide on the hotel. The cabbie will generally take you to a place where he gets a commission for taking you there, so be careful.Overall, York worked well for me, since I had to stay for 2 nights. If you are going to stay just one night, just bight the bullet -- and go for a 5-star.Hotel Vikram is another good hotel (alltho more expensive) which was recommended to me by a couple of friends. The only reason, I did not choose it was because it was in South Delhi and travelling would have been a pain.	
Apr 14 2007 	Disgusting! Dirty! Expensive! Rip-Off! Thiefs!	On our way to Agra from Chandigarh, we where forced to spend a night in Delhi. As this was not planned for, we ended up having to search for a hotel at 11pm in the night. We where looking for Nirula's as that was highly rated by our &quot;Let's Go India&quot; guide, but that has closed down so the nearest was York Hotel.TRUST US, DO NOT GO THERE. It cost us Rs 3,700 (ZAR 650 / US$ 90), the first room we got was all musty and smelt damp. As we thought it was only for a few hours we thought we could survive the room. We tried the shower and it flooded the room. So they moved to another room that was dirty, no hot water and the bath tub had rings. Dirt rings. We decided to just suffer it out as we would be out in a few hours time. The next morning we didn't even take a shower as it was so disgusting. We just took our bags and headed for the train station.Disgusting!	
Jun 25 2006	Raised rates at checkout	When I checked out, the hotel raised the rates by 50% over what we had agreed on when I checked in. So I got screwed and obviously will never return.	
May 5 2006	for budget stay only	The hotel looks more like a motel than a hotel. Was expecting at least a 3 or 4 star hotel due to the price i paid (booked online) and the lonely planet put it as midrange. What a dissappointment.Overall it's okay and clean (although looks a bit run down) - friendly staff and an overally helpful tourdesk to wakes you up in the morning while you're having a peaceful sleep to ask ifyou would like a car for the day! The place is safe and located at the heart of budget shopping. Just 5 min down the road is Costa - thank goodness!Tips - bring your own toiletries!So if you're planning to stay there, remember to be modest in your expectation!	
Feb 4 2006	Basic	We stayed here in January with our two children (15 and 11) for 6 nights as part of a round the world trip. It was my and our children's first trip to India (my wife had visited when she was young), and first experience of a developing country.The staff were friendly and helpful (tipping is mandatory), and the hotel is quite central (which was a key feature for us). The hotel was very basic though, and Connaught Place is generally fairly run down (except for inside many of the shops).The hotel is situated in K block, which is in the northern part of the circular Connaught Place. The nicer hotels in that general area tend to be on Janpath which runs south from Connaught place. There is a brand new metro station in the middle of Connaught Place.When we arrived at the hotel we found that our room only had one queen sized bed and one single bed (despite clearly setting out by email when booking that we required a room for 4 people - and being quoted a price on that basis), with not enough room to fit another bed. Rather than pay for two rooms (if we had known we may have to do that we would have chosen another hotel in the first place) we ended up having to sleep three people on the queen sized bed.The room did have a TV, hot water, a shower, and a toilet that worked, but apart from that it was pretty sparse, and was fairly dusty (as is most of Delhi). The hotel has room service, but the choice is very limited. The sheets were clean, but the blankets were very old and dirty (with Delhi dust and cigarette ash).The hotel has a man who organises tours/drivers, who was fairly helpful (although a bit on the pushy side). We booked a driver for a day trip of Delhi through him, which was okay but it would have been better to have a guide (or to do a guided tour) - we did a guided tour to Agra through Ashoka tours (a government agency situated in Connaught Place) - which was much more informative and enjoyable.The hotel was renovating its facade while we were there, as well as doing up the adjoining restaurant (which was closed). Even so, I don't think we would stay there again. On reflection it would have been better to pay more and stay in something a bit more upmarket in a nicer area (eg on Janpath) for our first experience of Delhi.	
