Nov 22 2009 	A Very Smart 5 Star Hotel	This hotel, connected to 4 or 5 different shopping malls, is first class in all aspects. The suites are excellent; clean, tidy and well maintained. Exellent breakfast in nice dining room. A very enjoyable place to stay and rooms a good size. Nice to have kitchenette &amp; dining room separate from the bedroom.	
Oct 11 2009 	Home away from home	The suites literally give you a feeling of being “at home” albeit in more luxury and comfortable surrounding! While the approach to the hotel is quite bad (thanks to the traffic due to the adjoining shopping malls) once you forget about it all once you are inside the premises. The reception is small and cosy with every helpful and courteous staff. We have stayed in the hotel nearly 6-7 times over the past one year and never had any complains! The suites include a living room, a bedroom and a small open kitchenette. Quite ideal for families with kids as you can whip up a quick meal in your own room or warm milk. We usually buy stuff from the adjoining malls like croissants and eggs to enjoy it later in the room. The bedroom and living room each have a large LCD which is a bliss since you do not have to fight with your partner over the remote! The breakfast buffet is quite okay – since we have quite a many at this place we find it monotonous else it is pretty satisfying. The inroom dining has limited options but top of the world cooking! The rates have been lowered recently – maybe due to the increasing competition nearby – there are 100s of eating joints within walking distance so you have a lot of choice! The internet access is quite expensive - more than what they probably charge at Taj but it makes up for the overall comfort of your stay. The hotel is in midst of a mall which has a multiplex so you can spend a weekend without actually moving out of the hotel – movies, games, shopping, dinner, its all under one roof!	
Sep 22 2009 	Great Hotel - well designed rooms. Soft Beds !	Book on makemytrip.com for best rate. Even the Executive suite is big. The only issue with this hotel is the fact that they sell the internet access at 800 Rps/day. Also the hotel taxi svc. is very $. Great location for shopping &amp; eating, even food court food is good - check out Haldirams @ DFL mall next door. Also Cofffee Bean café in CityWalk mall had best café latté I had in all India.	
Sep 13 2009 	When can I go back??	The Svelte is the perfect escape from New Delhi's organized chaos! The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful, the rooms are immaculate and spacious and the breakfast buffet is entirely satisfying. If you enjoy shopping the hotel is literally attached to a giant mall!It is located in South Delhi and our rickshaw drivers were reluctant to take us anywhere for less than Rs 150! We got them down to Rs 80-120 most of the time. It usually took us at least 20 mins to get anywhere but it was worth it given the respite of our hotel from all the horns.	
Jun 3 2009 	Surprising Svelte	The Hotel was spotlessly clean. The suites were very well appointed &amp; very spacious. Staff were prompt &amp; courteous. Parking was also convenient &amp; access to hotel was easy. The attached Select City Mall to the hotel was an added plus, allowing diversity of restauraunts &amp; shopping.Rooms were better than other 5 star hotels in Delhi. The hotel is pretty far away from the Connaught Place area, but if you have your own car, it should not be an issue to drive 30 minutes.	
May 11 2009 	pleasantly surprised	The approach to it isn't great and from the outside the hotel looks ordinary. Checkin/reception area isn't much to speak of but once you enter the room, it's a different story. Very impressed with the stay. In fact, i stayed in a suite since they didnt have enough single rooms and it was a 2 room, living room+kitchen area and very nicely designed. Spacious, modern, clean, enough privacy, comfortable beds, good bathrooms and accessories, room service was great, food was also fresh and hot when it was served, good business services, flat screen tv, remote controlled lighting and airconditioning, closet space was good, dining area was good and even had a decent breakfast buffet. It had a full fledged kitchen with utensils, microwave, refrigerator and pretty much a full-service apt. Definitely recommend it if ur on business or even personal trip.	
Apr 28 2009 	Excellent hotel very helpful staff highly recommended.	Large rooms with everything you could want. Staff very helpful with arranging car and tours etc. Reception spent 1 hour on phone sorting out my fouled up tour accommodation. Ajoining Shopping Mall is big bonus as there are restaurants, cafes as well as shops, also plaza area where you can walk without being accosted. Mr Uniyal the Assistant Manager Front Office could not have been more helpful.	
Apr 19 2009 	Modern and comfortable	This is a modern hotel . Access is a little difficult at the moment , as there is building work going on all around. It is adjacent to a new shopping complex 'Citywalks', which has shops like Mothercare, Zara, Adidas, United Colours of Benetton etc. KFC and Pizza Hut are across the road! This is the face of the new affluent India.The room was very spacious, with a lounge, fully equipped kitchenette and a modern and attractive bathroom. It had a flat screen television in both the lounge and the bedroom areas!The swimming pool on the roof was fine, with comfortable seats and loungersThe breakfast was good. The dining room was sad however, at level minus one, with no windows.There is an internet connection - 300 rupees for 30 minutes.The service was good.The location was fine for the airport but not for sightseeing. The centre of Delhi is well over an hour away in the car.	
Apr 5 2009 	Very nice hotel large rooms but expensive and not in an ideal location in the city	When we got into our room we were amazed at how big it was, you walk first into a lounge area and then there's an adjoining corridor into where the bed area is. Bathroom is nice, there are two widescreen TVs in both the lounge and bedroom areas, as well as a little kitchen area with microwave, hobs, pots and pans and cutlery! In the room there was also a torch provided, dressing gowns and slippers as well as other amenities you'd expect to find in a hotel like this. The hotel service was very good, all the staff spoke very good English and very friendly and polite and remembered us when we came back to stay at the end of our holiday, although in this kind of posh hotel in India they'll try and do everything for you and then expect a tip of about 100 rupees for it, eg. holding your shopping bags for you and taking them to the room, and serving your food onto your plate at your table in the restaurant.The worst thing about the hotel though is probably its location in South Delhi. It's next to a shopping mall which is good if you want food such as KFC or Pizza Hut, but apart from the music shops the prices are the same as in the UK. Also, in the Delhi rush hour traffic it takes about TWO HOURS to reach places in central Delhi like India Gate or Connaught Place by car, there's no Metro connection here as far as I know. So the location wasn't great. Also DO NOT use their taxi for an airport transfer, it costs 27 QUID as opposed to probably 500 rupees for a prepaid taxi!So overall this hotel has big rooms which are going to be good for entertaining business guests because of the separate lounge area when entering the room, the staff's English is very good, but the price is high and location within Delhi itself is not great,	
Apr 4 2009 	oasis of calm in new delhi	Just right for a one night stay - calm, clean and quietly efficient. I returned a month later on a business trip - as a single woman it was a good choice. A relief to move about without hassle in the Mall. Dinner in the Spaghetti Kitchen in the Mall was A1.	
Mar 8 2009 	Would stay again	Stayed for two nights on a business trip in a two bedroom suite with a colleague, great rooms. Very clean and well maintained. Room package included breakfast and hotel transfers to and from aiport. Location next to a very big and very western style mall is good although the entrance to the hotel is somewhat a bit of a suprise with the road to access it still being built and entry is from the back of the mall.Very good service from staff overall. Was somewhat miffed that internet while payable in the room was on a per computer basis and not a per room basis! We had two laptops.When we asked about taxis out of the hotel as the hotel entrance had no taxi stand, they of course suggested that we use their services, which were 4 x that of a metered taxi. We took it for one morning as we were running late for a meeting, and then were able to get the green, yellow and black metered taxis back each night and also asked the same taxi come get us the next morning. Assume you could probably get a metered taxi from the taxi stands at the shopping mall? We also returned after a day trip to Agra and booked a single room for 1/2 day use. Hotel allowed us to use our return airport transfer fromour earlier stay in the week during this stay, which was good. Although when we did check back in asked about the transfer they said yes, it was available on a chargeable basis. We had to tell them that we had already confirmed on checking out previously that it wouldn't be chargeable. They had to check and got back to us to say we were right.One other thing that was a bit of a dampener was that as we checked out on this second stay they had someone check the mini bar while we were checking out and said that we had taken a soda out of the mini bar when we hadn't. There were a few phone calls going back and forth, and am sure they told the person checking the room to check the bins in the room to see if there was any signs of the empty soda can/bottle. They didn't charge us for it - but requested that I write on the bill that I was not taking anything from the mini bar out of the hotel. Wasn't very impressed with that at all.Apart from that mishap at the end, I would still come back and stay again as it is definitely good value for money compared to other 4 &amp; 5 star hotels in New Delhi which are exhorbitantly over-priced.	
Feb 10 2009 	Excellent rooms-lacking in some amenities	Recently stayed here for several nights. Complimentary collection from airport a huge +. Excellent staff, rooms spacious with good facilities, spotlessly clean, very comfortable. Access to broadband costs additional RP800/day which is irritating when you have paid USD300/night. Breakfast is OK with comprehensive range of different foods. Hotel is located within modern shopping mall which could be anywhere in the world but does have several bars and good restaurants. There is only a small bar in hotel, gym is just about open and there were problems with swimming pool. Hotel has service whereby gustes can have meals prepared for theim in their room-didnt make use of this service but seems a pretty good idea as the guest can choose menu.	
Dec 26 2008	The ambience was amazing and impeccable	Date Visited : Nov 10, 2008I booked the hotel for my honeymoon and the first impression was just amazing. The hotel staff at the reception was very courteous. The lobby, lifts, corridor was neat and tidy. The hotel is magnificent and we have never experienced such incredible service before. As soon as I enterered the room it just left me with half of my mouth open. the room was very spacious and tidy to the best of the levels I have seen across the globe.The kitchen accesories was clean and ready to use. I was surprised to see that there was no fridge in the room but to my sheer contarary a 360litre+ refrigerator was there in the room with outliner same as the furniture and it was difficult to recognize that what I believe is a almirah is actually a fridge and the actual almirah is just amazing having multiple shelves. The fridge was full of drinks and juicesThe living room was decorated with nice paintings and the sofa was very comfortable. The Bathroom was very spacious equipped with all the latest fittings. The bed room has nice single sofa seat and huge dressiong table.It was wonderful wonderful experience and I strongly recommend this Hotel for the people who wants to speand a tension free night . This is a great property with amazing staff starting from Hotel Booking to the person who took my luggage from my room to my car..In simple the Hotel is Amazing and Awesome	
Nov 11 2008 	A haven from Delhi!	The previous review is spot-on, so I won't repeat the points made.The suites are located on the City Skywalk complex, currently being built (so it looks like you are entering a building site). This is reputedly the most expensive shopping mall in the whole of India, it is of the same standard but nicer than Bluewater in Kent - with similar prices. That means that only rich Indians or tourists go there.We would not have been able to stay in an equivalent place in any country that we know of for the price, which is bound to raise as the place becomes more popular and they finish the building work.Only one poor point, the check-out was dreadfully slow as two businessmen were disputing their bill, our tour manager had to step in or we would have been late for our plane.	
Sep 18 2008 	Good Choice	I stayed at the suites for 3 nights on a recent business trip to New Delhi. The hotel is strangely located in a high end mall, of which phase 3 is under construction. But if you have travelled to Delhi, this can be good thing, as hotel locations are sometimes hit or miss.As an all suite hotel it has minimal lobby and dining (although 24 room service available) but the adjacent mall offers many dining options, from coffe shop to high-end restaurant. Breakfast was good with traditional and western offerings. Service was good and attentive. This place will not give you a &quot;taste of Delhi&quot; because of it's location, however I thought the suites were spacious and well appointed, full kitchenette, large bathroom, cleverly designed with a definite modern flair. Beds are comfortable with nice duvet and comfortable pillows. Living room area well designed to meet or work, with plasma TV and comfy furniture. Hotel has a nice rooftop pool with yet to be opened gym. Staff was friendly and efficient.Internet connection was dreadfully slow (although they make you pay &quot;high speed&quot; prices at 800 IR per day) . I arrived on the day of the latest terrorist bombs went off in Delhi, so security at the hotel was insane. When I reached the hotel I did not know what had happened earlier so I thought the 7 checkpoints and full body pat-down were a bit much, but then realized it was only temporary.All in all a good place to stay if on business, not too far from Gurgaon.	
Feb 24 2009 	fantastico		
