	Perfect place in Delhi	Really nice place - close to the metro station, helpful staff, clean and tasteful rooms. We felt really lucky to have found this place.	
	Great Hotel for the price.	Been in India for over a month hubbing in and out of Delhi. Stayed at the Grand Park 4 differnt times. This hotel is a great base for exploring Delhi and Northern India. For the price, you will not find a cleaner or larger hotel room. The sheets are spotless, AND the blankets are freshly washed. AC unit worked great, hot water was good, hotel is safe and the area is fine. Breakfast is included as if tasted good, nothing spectacular, but no complaints. It's only a 40 rupie taxi to the train station. 3 blocks west of the hotel is a huge market street with loads of restaurants and shops (including McDonalds =)). The actual street the hotel is on is not the nicest place to look at... but it's fine and safe. My wife walked around at night and didn't feel uncomfortable.The owner Mr.Madan is a wealth of info, and will book tours and help you book train and flights. As a travel agency, they of course take commession on trips, but for trains and flights, he does it at cost using Indian online travel companies. His advice and help has made our trip extremely easy and has been really helpful. Internet is availble using their computer. No wireless internet in the hotel though.Listen, at the end of the day, here's why we stayed and continued to come back: It's very clean, it's in good shape, it's safe, and they provide good advice and will help you out with any questions or problems. If you're coming to Delhi, give this place a look.	
	Deos not leave a lasting impression	We stayed a night and wanted to extend for 2 more nights but the hotel staff was very greedy and the rooms are old. We moved to other hotel.	
	Clean affordable hotel to get away from the Delhi chaos	After having a bad experience in another hotel we checked into the Hotel Grand Park Inn. All the staff were very friendly and accommodating. Even though on the ground floor the hotel entrance was sandwiched inbetween shops, don't let that deter you. Once inside it is a quiet atmosphere (ok, as quiet as Delhi can get!). Our room faced an alley way so it was fairly quiet. The bedroom and bathroom were very clean and in good condition. We were given a bottle of water per day, per person. This was a great benefit! Other hotels we stayed in we had to buy water. Breakfast was either an Indian breakfast or American breakfast. Basically Chai and Parantha or eggs and toast. We ate in the breakfast room upstairs, but you could also have it delivered to your room. A couple of times we had dinner and lunch. The food was fairly inexpensive (for a hotel) and tasty. I also had laundry done, which was done on the same day and delivered to my room. My friend, who was travelling with us, used the owners computer a couple of times to check her email. According to a couple of the reviews, it was far away from the train station etc. We had a car and driver so I did not have a problem with this. Also, someone mentioned that the rickshaw driver didn't know where the hotel was, well Delhi has millions of hotels, the rickshaw drivers don't know every one! Make sure you keep the address with you, tell the driver the area first, then the street name, if anything the driver or you can call the hotel and they will give directions.	
Nov 26 2009 	Only For One Day	Very isolated - long walk to train station. Taxi/rickshaws tell youthey know where it is but don't. filthy street even by Delhi’sstandards. Grim breakfast. Redeeming feature - flashy showers - ifthey worked properly!	
Nov 24 2009 	Surprisingly good hotel.	We did not know what to expect, since we never been to India. For us India was at first a bit of a &quot;culture shock, there is still a lot of poverty, and the traffic? OMG.But that's a first impression.To be honest the area didn't look all that appealing at first.But the hotel is surprisingly nice.The rooms are pretty big and clean and better then a lot of hotels we've been to in European countries.The staff was always helpful, and the owner let us use the computer as much as we needed.When we had a question there was always a staff member to help us.Called taxi's for us and told us what the price would be...helpfull.And they gave us good recommendations what to see and where to go.India and the streets of Delhi are a long way from what we are used to in the Netherlands, the subway at rush hour? ehm ..an experience.But I must say when we came back in the evening to our hotel, it was a nice feeling.And the breakfast was simple but good.We made a trip that many take, Delhi-Jaipur-Agra(...Taj Mahal)-Orchha-Varanasi and from then on into Nepal to end the trip (3 weeks) in Katmandu, Nepal.We took buses, trains,taxi's, tuk tuks, riskha's....and elephants.In all those cities we've had hotels, but I must say this one was one of the nicest ones.We've been to European hotels with 3 or 4 stars, but this hotel was just as good.I can recommend it fully.	
Nov 24 2009 	“Racial Discrimination”	They like only white europeans and can discriminate you beouse of your low potential to pay for tours, your cloor they can trouble you be being bad to you and will give you a very bad room like dungeon	
Nov 23 2009 	Great service and after care	The staff here are fantastic. Always polite and very quick to respond to all your needs. What was particularly great was that after we had checked out they kept our bags for us whilst we went sight seeing and gave us a room after to freshen up before our over night train journey to Jaiselmer. Then two weeks later on our return we arrived in Delhi around midday but our flight wasn't till 1am. They kindly kept our bags for us whilst we did a last bit of sight seeing and they also gave us a room to shower and freshen up before our flight home. The rooms were very clean and tidy, basic but comfortable. The after check out care was fantastic, they really went the extra mile.	
Nov 17 2009 	Excellent value for the money	Grand Park Inn is certainly one of the best hotels I have stayed at in India. The rooms are simple but large and clean. The room service and hotel staff are very friendly and helpful. The area is centrally located, busy at daytime but very quite during the nights. I have tried other hotels in Delhi but keep returning to Grand Park Inn.	
Nov 15 2009 	basic rooms with great service!!	What this hotel lacks in luxury features it sure makes up for in friendly and helpful staff.This is a very basic but very clean Hotel with some of the friendliest staff members I have ever met during my years of travels! No request was too big and everything we asked for got promt attention! They have a small room for breakfast and it turned out that the mornign get together there was quite entertaining as we met fellow travellers from all over the world.It is located in the outskirts of the Karol Bargh market close to Metro and shopping. We asked the staff for pointer to a few restaurants and ended up having some of the best Indian food we had on the trip. Dinner for two for $ 6 !!! left out of the hotel then first right and a few blocks down the street you will find Santos. It felt safe at all times to walk around the neighborhood.They arranged pick up as well as transportation back to the airport for a very resonable price as well as a driver for one day worth of sight seeing. (even though the driver wanted to take us shopping a few times but a firm no got us back on track... I guess the drivers still get a comission for bringing in tourists to the bazaars..)I exchanged money here as well and got a better rate than at the exchange office in the airport.We asked for a nearby internet cafe... the owner let us use his computer for our needs!All in all a basic but good place to stay!	
Nov 14 2009 	Great little safe haven	I stay here one two occasions, once at the a start of the holiday and once at the end. One both occasions the rooms where immaculate. The food was good. The service while not warm is very efficient and trust worthy - no pressure to book tours etc. And they reliably booked taxi's for us to go to the train station and the airport.The location was initially daunting- but after afew days in India I realised this was the norm - the Karol Bagh area is actually quite good, not touristy so you don't get too much bother.	
Nov 10 2009 	O.K for price. Good resturant nearby.	This hotel is okay. The area is fine, not the best, but safe to walk around. Lots of markets and shops to go to. There is the most awesome resturant as you follow the hotels directions to the nearby resturants. (Ask at the desk where there are resturants. Generally it is turn left out of the hotel to the end of the road, take a right and walk straight down that road.) Its on the right hand side and is called Sandoz. It was a receommendation to us and we are so glad we went. Get the malai kofta (only nice one I actually found during my stay in India) and dal makhini. We didn't get chicken as its always a bit risky in unknown resturnats in India, but my partner ended up wishing he had got the butter chicken as the food was superb!There were ants in the room, but they stayed to thier section far away from the bed. They had obviously made a route across the room that they followed each night. They weren't too much of a bother and were the really tiny ones. Only thing I would say is seal all bags. I came out of the shower to find they had all disappeared and were in my handbag after a sweet wrapper. I didn't like the fact they were there too much as not too keen on insects myself, but like I said. They generally weren't a problem (aside from me leaving sweet wrappers in thier path.)Room is spacious, as is the bed and bathroom. Good, powerful shower with plenty of hot water. It was clean and I was overal impressed with it for the price (£30 for the night with expedia.) Breakfast is included and is fine. I asked simply for toast and they made me 3 pieces of toast, an omelette and a bannana. I think they give you that whether or not you want it! The breakfast room is small and has one long table for all guests to sit. It is a bit like a hostel in that sense, but it's not too bad really.I'm not sure if I would recommend or not to my own friends. Backpackers or travellers will find it luxury. Those used to hotels, might not find it the best. I usually stay in hotels and thought it was okay, but the location is a little difficult to walk around. Very busy traffic down the roads (as with all india) which if it's your first time can be a little scary to walk around. All in all. It is okay. Didn't try the room service menu (don't think they have a resturant) but the prices were good, the sevice charge cheap as chips (in fact cheaper) and there was quite a large variety of food on offer.It is okay for just a night. I probably wouldn't stay more than 2.	
Nov 8 2009 	Will Not come Again	The hotel did not pick us up from the airport. The rooms were very basicand at cheaper price we stayed in better rooms in Karol Bagh as wechecked out after one day. Not a good choice.	
Nov 7 2009 	Great place to stay in the madness of Delhi Staff were so helpful!	My friend and I stayed here for 3 nights. Staff were extremely helpful and looked out for us as we were unprepared for the craziness of the city of Delhi. They were flexible with dates also as we went to stay in Agra for one night during our scheduled stay and came back. Staff could not have been more helpful or friendly, the location was quite central, food was great, and they provided us with assistance with taxis, prices of taxis etc. and surrounding places to eat. The rooms were spotless, the beds were very comfortable and we had no complaints whatsoever. By the end of our trip to Delhi we felt that it was a safe place to stay and a refuge away from madness on the streets!! I would highly recommend it.	
Nov 5 2009 	Good place to crash between airport and station with helpful staff	We needed to crash for one night between a late flight and an early train. We needed somewhere cheap, basic with a good airport pickup all of which were satisfied.The airport pickup was ahead of schedule and polite. It cost 650Rs for 4 people which seemed to be about the going rate.The room was basic, but had free bottled water clean sheets, towels and bathroom.The staff were very friendly and helpful even when we had to wake them up at 4.30am to check out! Staff provided a late night Thali for us which was very tasty.Could not comment on location or other hotel amenities.	
Nov 2 2009 	Shows Ageing	Air condition was not working, doors make sound while closing, salt stains in bathroom wall, life seems old too, and surrounding area is bad, economy hotel. Good for few hours stay at cheap price.	
Nov 2 2009 	Comfortable reasonably central hotel with great staff.	5 nights in Delhi as a single girl in town can be an exhausting business! You need somewhere where you can excape the dust, dirt and noise and with feeling terrible with the flu and no way of changing the flight home, this was a cosy enough place to hole up with some lemsip! The staff really looked after me well. The only improvement I'd suggest is a more western menu for room service and a no smoking policy in the hotel! The hot water was not reliable but was there 70% of the time. Air conditioning likewise! Staff could not be more helpful.	
Nov 1 2009 	Great place to start your trip	The hotel was very clean, hotel staff pleasant and helpfull and the travel desk within the hotel is great! Location is OK, although not many rickshaw drivers knew it, fortunately the business card of the hotel had a route description. Room is not that cosy but very clean and therefore a great place to start our trip!	
Oct 29 2009 	Undoubtedly the nicest hotel staff I've ever met!'	On the strength of what I had read in TripAdvisor about inexpensive places to stay in Delhi, I decided on Hotel Grand Park Inn. I traveled to Delhi on my own to attend a wedding in another part of the city altogether. Not to worry--not only was Vikash, the driver from the hotel, there to meet me at the airport, but the hotel's owner, Mr. Madan Pai, arranged for Vikash to drive me to and from the wedding parties...and also to take me to interesting sites around Delhi on the days when I had no activities planned. I cannot over-exaggerate the kindness and attentiveness of the staff--nor the helpfulness of Mr. Madan Pai. When my plans changed--I was invited by the bride's family to stay with them the last part of my visit--Mr. Pai did not charge me for the remaining two nights for which I had booked--and then presented me with a gift upon my departure. I can honestly say that I felt very sad to be leaving this hotel and its staff....now THAT'S a first!! I am a very frequent international and domestic traveler, and I have never felt such a friendly atmosphere within a hotel. In addition? Nor have i ever felt compelled to write a review for TripAdvisor! It was Mr. Madan Pai who suggested that Vikash take me to 'AKSHARDAM'--the most enormous temple/compound one can imagine--containing a lotus garden, a main temple containing over 20,000 statues and a 108' long/10' high elephant plinth. it was only finished fairly recently---and it is absolutely mind-boggling to imagine how this incredible place could have been built in only five years--many visitors have never even HEARD of it- DON'T MISS IT!!	
Oct 29 2009 	Bad Location	Situated in a busy road, Honking – ponking will not make you sleep.	
Oct 29 2009 	Very attentive and respectful staff to female travellers	My daughter and i stayed at the hotel Grand Park Inn during our stay in Delhi. We found the hotel staff and management to be exptremely courteous and helpful. Although the hotel is not located exactly in the centre of Delhi, it's only a short trip away by autorickshaw or taxi, and a welcome relief after being in Central Delhi. The street itself is not great, as it is in the centre of the &quot;automotive&quot; trade, but the management, Mr Madan Pai and his staff have many suggestions and travel services...We found the pick up from the airport and train station very reliable and safe.The rooms were more than adequate, with clean bathrooms, air conditioning that works clean and the food and room service were prompt and delicious. The only thing to mention is that the pillows were really hard and uncomfortable...We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to Delhi and wanting a safe and friendly place to stay.	
Oct 17 2009 	A Safe Haven in the Midst of Motorcyle Mayhem	Arriving at the Hotel Grand Park Inn I was warmly greeted by the staff and graciously assisted to my room on the 3rd floor, thankfully way above the hustle and bustle of the street below. This was very comforting as getting there was a crazy ride... Diwali was only days away so the traffic was more frenetic then usual. In addition to this the taxi driver had difficulty finding it (I recommend printing out a map to assist your driver). I took a Police Registered taxi from the International airport and it only cost 250 IND rupees... a real bagain!The hotel is surrounded by auto shops primarily for motorcyles. It is a real treat to see how the locals 'pimped out' their bikes and hatchbacks ;) Day and night there are men everywhere however I was never harassed or felt unsafe.The metro is not that far away however getting across the busy road to access it is a real adrenaline rush... not for the faint hearted! Also in close proximity is the Karol Barg markets. Here you can get some excellent bargains... local and international products of all kinds. You can hire a driver through the hotel for 850 IND rupees for up to 8 hours, giving you time and security to access the many wonderful sights of Old and New Delhi (negotiate where you want to go with the assisitance of the hotel staff before departing as not all drivers are fluent in English).My room had a fan and air conditioner so the heat didn't bother me. There was also plenty of hot water 24 hours a day... yippee! The food for dinner was delicious. Breakfast was simple however tasty.The staff (managed by the charismatic Madan) were very friendly and always asked that I was happy.Overall I had a very positive experience and never felt unsafe as a female solo traveller :)	
Oct 6 2009 	Very clean hotel with helpfull staff	We have started and ended our India trip in this hotel. In total we spent 3 nights there and we can only recommend the place. Rooms (we had booked standard room) are very clean, comfortable and with reazonable size. Staff is very helpfull. The manager makes everything possible to satisfy his guests. Pick up &amp; drop off service from/to the airport is also reliable. We have also booked a taxi driver for a day through the hotel. Make sure that you preset your route with him before setting off. Otherwise you will be brought to several markets. After we complained about it, the manager made sure we get a different driver for the next day and we had no more problems. For our next stay in New Delhi we will definetely stay there again.	
Sep 30 2009 	A gem of a hotel	During my recent stay @ Grand Park Hotel Inn I was more than impressed with the high level of service experienced.Nothing appeared to be too much trouble and all requests were carried out efficiently and most importantly with a smile.The rooms were very comfortable clean spacious and well appointed. The location was perfect with easy access to markets bazaars and sightseeing areas.Transport was pre-arranged with the hotel.The driver was always punctual courteous and very patient! His driving skills were exceptional along with his intimate knowledge of the city. I would have no hesitation in recommending anyone who wants to experience the real Delhi its wonderful people and high level of friendly service to stay in this gem of a hotel	
Sep 29 2009 	I'd definitely book this hotel if you're on a budget and are looking for a good base to explore Delhi.	The facilities are great as it is very near to Karol Bagh market and an auto rickshaw ride away from Connought place. The hotel located in the heart of city near biggest main shopping centre. Comfortable, well-equipped big and clean rooms. The staff are great and very efficient both in the hotel and restaurant. Perfect and helpful hotel employees and services.	
Sep 24 2009 	Friendly management - good service - convenient location	We only booked a day before we arrived and it appeared that the booking from the Hotels.com website had not reached the hotel. However they were more than accommodating - we got a better room than we'd booked and were impressed by the cleanliness.Breakfast is basic but enought to set you up for the day.Location is convenient for the metro station, auto rickshaws and buses to travle round Delhi. The owner/manager (?) Madan was so welcoming, full of restaurant recommendations (good ones), helpful hints and couldn't do enough to help us.Would recommend the Grand Park Inn to anyone wanting to stay somewhere that's not a global chain, has some Indian characteristics and wants good friendly service.	
Sep 18 2009 	Affordabe and Pin Neat	I have stayed at the Grand Park Inn for the past 5 years and have been impressed by the clean and neat and comfortable rooms as well as the efficient staff and the GM , Mr Madan Pai who has his finger on the pulse.I can recommend this Hotel to international tourists without hesitation.Well done and keep it up!	
Sep 17 2009 	Nice Hotel	Neat and Clean hotel. Worth for the price. I recommend this hotel. The lunch and the complementary break fast were very tasty. It had most of the things that you look in a hotel.	
Sep 15 2009 	the best place to stay good value for money excellent service.	i had stayed in many hotels in delhi, but grand park, is extremely nice and comfortable hotel, staff is great very freindly abd specially owners are there themselves to check all our requirements, very clean place to live in ....harry	
Sep 7 2009 	Have a Safe Conscience!	My friend and I read great reviews of Grand Park, so we decided to call a couple days ahead to reserve a room and rate. It turns out the quoted rate by phone was less than any online offers, and when we arrived after a convenient airport pickup for a reasonable price, we were given a large corner room with more bed-room than we could have needed. The mattresses were high quality, and the room was nicely modeled. The bathroom had a separate shower (a rarity in Indian hotels), and included extra amenities such as soap, shampoo, and shaving kits.By far the best part of our stay was the staff. The owner/manager helped us with everything, from arranging a low-priced visit to Agra, food purchases (the hotel provided food is only adequate) and restaurant recommendations (Sandoz, nearby, is to die for), and even beer runs. The staff was overly helpful at times, but that's difficult to complain about. The location was great to reach some of the best parts of Delhi and New Delhi, and the night market nearby was nice. The hotel was easy to find, as well, because of its proximity to the gigantic Hanuman (monkey god) statue down the road. The most important part of my stay, besides the quality of the hotel and staff, was that I never felt like anyone was taking advantage of us. The value was good, and as much as was provided, nothing extra was asked. I will definitely return on my next stay in Delhi.	
Aug 30 2009 	very good hotel	staff friendly, near city center. breakfast ok, good value for money.	
Aug 29 2009 	A wondrfull and stresfree time.	We stayed at the Grand Park Inn for the first time last year and we could not fault it, so when we went to Delhi again this year, we had no hesitation as to witch hotel to ring. Nothing is to much trouble fo the staff or managment. We left the organising of the sightseeing and shopping trips to the managment, and we wernt disapointed. The staff are all excelent ,they were the same boys as last year and they all rememberd us. The servis and clenliness is second to none, and the organisation was excelent. Although the hotel is only part of any holiday, with the Grand Park Inn, the hotel is one part of the holiday we know we dont have to worry about. We intend going to Delhi again next year, and because of the way we are treated by everyone concerned, we will be staying at the Grand Park Inn yet again.	
Aug 16 2009 	Excellent Service	Excellent hotel service. Staff was very accommodating and very helpful. Safe for American travelers!	
Aug 4 2009 	Good experience	It was average hotel but I am still satisfied with my stay. The only thing I did not like much was its location which is a very busy and congested lane.	
Jul 28 2009 	Decent enough place not in the nicest street.	This was between Average and Very Good (so really just Good).Price was fair for what we got, ac was not good though noisy and ineffective.Hotel organised a taxi for us for the day (recommended) however we got annoyed when he kept bringing us to places (shops) where he'd get commission if we bought something.Would recommend if you can't find anywhere else that you'd be sure about, but there must be better places in Delhi.Expect a few short power cuts (until they boot up their own generator).Food is good.	
Jun 8 2009 	Excellent Value	Excellent customer service. Very clean and centrally located. Complimentary HOT breakfast with choice of continental or Indian menu. Friendly staff. Provision for left baggage for returning guests away on short excursions. Complimentary toiletries. Email response within one day.	
Jun 6 2009 	Bellow average Hotel....	Location is not so good and price is too much. Unnecessary huge rooms but not at all professional behaviour......and staff are terriblly poor knowledged.Stay here, if you do not have a better option.........	
May 30 2009 	Value for money	The room i stayed was clean. The room service was good. The food served was tasting OK. All-in-All value for money.	
May 23 2009 	A modest hotel value for money	Decent Hotel, good for an overnight stay. One could be put off by the location, but the food should compensate for it. The complimentary breakfast is a simple parantha type of thing, but tasty nevertheless. If you are looking for a decent stay without the frills of a good hotel, this is not a bad place at all.	
May 19 2009 	Great value no nonsense rooms	1) Excellent clean rooms2) Good Food3) Value for moneyDownside1) No internetIf you want a decent room to crash out in the night, go for itCheap.	
May 4 2009 	Service Excellence beyond par ;-)	Having stayed at Grand park inn on 2 prev trips and experienced for myself the service excellence and clean comfortable rooms, i booked my parents on their India holiday with Mr Madan Pai, who efficiently also arrnaged their entire tour for them. But what prompts me to write this, is this: During their last few days in India, it was God's grace that my parents were staying at the Grand Park Inn, as my mother,an asmathic, fell critically ill. Mr Pai immediately took matters into his hands personally, ensuring my mother was hospitalised, that my father ate, he even topped up my fathers mobile phone with airtime from his personal funds, and gave my father over a hundred rupees in small notes so that he could travel by auto to and from the hosital. He ensured that at all times one of the 'room boys' remained with my father, who was emotionaly a mess with my mother's illness. Then, when my mother's condition worsened, he personally contacted us in South Africa and informed my husband of the situation. When we arrived in India, my mother was critical,in ICU and was transfered to another hospital in Vasanth Kunj, which in Delhi's traffic was 45min away from the hotel. Mr Madan provided us with a car and driver, at his cost for 8 days; further, when i had to remain in india with my parents after my husband returned home, Mr Madan saw to my and my fathers every comfort, ensured we ate on time, and then also topped my mobile's airtime to the tune of Rs400, and refused to allow me to reimburse him. His constant concern at my mother's condition was touching, and every one of the 'room boys' prayed each day for 'aunty's' recovery. With God's grace my mother recovered and almost a month later we travellled back home; again transported to the airport free of charge by Mr Pai, who made a personal visit to the hospital to bid my mum goodbye. I cannot express how grateful my family and I are at this man's genorosity. No other hotel, no matter how much fancier, would have given us the same care. Not that the Grand park Inn lacks in comfort: the ample sized rooms, complete cleanliness, friendly and attentive staff will put many of the other more expensive and fancy hotels to shame. This is a true gem of Delhi and to Mr Madan Pai and Team: I salute you! from Prinitha Dowlath and Family, South Africa	
May 2 2009 	Came to India sick...left India well!	We visited India for two weeks and the Grand Park Inn was our base. Mr. Madan Pai and his staff were the ultimate in pleasant but serious service and hospitality. The trips we booked with Mr. Pai were A-1. The neighborhood is colorful but the Inn is clean which was what we were looking for. We came as strangers; we left as friends. Thank you much for everything, Mr. Pai !	
Apr 29 2009 	great hotel 	Located in Karol Bagh this hotel is not included in the regular guide books.Don't be put off by the location surrounded by motor parts shops as the hotel is well situated for the metro &amp; local market area 5 mins walk away.Rooms (1800 rupees double)are spacious &amp; immaculate and all staff smiley &amp; helful.Mr Pai,the extremely pleasant &amp; efficent manager,can organise trips to wherever you want and current min price of car &amp; driver is 2500 rupees per day (same as govt.tourist info office).We took a trip to Shekawatti to see the havelis which was well off the beaten track &amp; driver found everything we asked to see.Don't miss this if you have a few days available..it's stunning.	
Apr 8 2009 	simple economy service	stayed there for 3 nights with 2 female members of my family. This is an economy hotel we paid 2200 rp per night for a triple room. The location of the hotel was not ideal for lone female travellers - the area is made up of car repair companies - therefore, there are very few females to be seen within the area. The area is very noisy... The hotel manager was grumpy the first few days but cheered up on the third day. A few recommendations for the rooms; tea/coffee making facilities; a spy hole on the doors; there is no iron available in the hotel. We booked a car/guide via the hotel - the driver insisted on taking us to specific shops on route - i'm sure he was on commission as these shops were definately in the business of ripping off tourists. He even insisted on taking us to a restaurant despite our repeated requests to go to another restaurant. The location is ok if on a shopping trip to karol bagh. The hotel restaurant was more like a small dining room - not comfortable especially during busy periods. Breakfast selection was limited.	
Feb 22 2009 	Excellent location decent rooms great price	We were very happy with our stay here. The rooms and bathrooms were immaculate and spacious, with polished marble tile floors and sufficiently comfortable beds -- everything seemed near brand new. The staff was helpful and knowlegable. Breakfast was served in a conference room where we met fellow travelers - local business travelers and others from abroad. Grand Park Inn was an excellent value.The location in Karol Bagh was great. The hotel was on a small busy Delhi street; a cow was parked nearby one of the days we were there. We were walking distance from the Delhi metro, which, if it takes you where you need to go, seemed to be the best way to get around Delhi -- it's a new system with trains that come every 3 minutes or so, although it does get PACKED during rush hour. It still beats sitting in dusty Delhi traffic. We were able to explore all over Delhi from our base in Karol Bagh. We did, however, have to cross over a very busy intersection near the Hanuman temple to get to the metro station, so some might prefer a short rickshaw ride.	
Jan 14 2009 	Excellent	hotel grand park inn Delhi india.We had booked this hotel initialy to start our tour in india but it happened so that arrangement was cancelled and all due to terrorism that happened in that time in mumabi our flight was cancelled,and when contacted the management they were so considerate and without any fuss it was dealth with sympathy and we eventualy stayed their upon return leg of the tour ,I found the hotel manager Mr Madan Pai a true gentleman who greeted us with utmost courtsey and welcomed us with warm heart that impressed us greatly ,service and accomodation was excellent a true peaceful experience throuhjout the stay will recommend highly to all visiting delhi a clean hotel with reasonable charges and above all no value can be put on the hospitality and service a truely honourable management and creditworthy staff definetley 5 star in my opinion.Will visit and stay always at GRANDPARK INN HOTEL.	
Dec 17 2008 	Object lesson in customer care	I cannot speak too highly of the manager and staff at the Grand Park Inn, who were unfailingly polite, helpful and friendly. I must single out the manager, Madan Pai, who put together a 2 week tour of Rajasthan, Agra and Varanasi for us, gently adjusting our planned route and expectations. The driver, Malkit Singh, was also very attentive to our needs and safety, and was always there on time to pick us up at the airport (we used the hotel on 3 separate occasions). However, most of all, I would praise them for the way they looked after us, especially my partner, in the wake of the heart attack I suffered one night, ensuring that everything was comfortable for her at the hotel and providing personal accompaniment on her visits to the hospital with no charge. Similarly, the necessary travel rearrangements after this were made gratis, and with great concern for my health.The hotel is quiet, though situated in a non-tourist market area, and provides good food at very reasonable prices in the spotless rooms. The staff will cater for your every whim. This is not a modern, soulless hotel but has a quaint charm.	
Aug 15 2008 	Loved the Hotel 	After an extremely long search of trying to find a reasonable place for a reasonable price to stay, we luckily found this very nice hotel in new delhi!The hotel was spotless &amp; the room very pretty luxurious for Delhi standards, specially for this price range!The location was pretty good, close to &quot;city centre&quot; - Connaught Place, although you will need to cross some dangerous roads to get to the metro...but that was all part of the fun of dodging traffic in India! &amp; being seen as &quot;alien&quot; taking the metro funny ;0)The manager was extremely helpfiul &amp; I recommend to use him to get a travel package set-up to see the golden triangle &amp; other locations, this will save you looking for hotels in other parts which was also extremely difficult, but Mister Pai, the manager arranged good hotels in other cities like Agra, Jaipur etc. The breakfast area is a little small &amp; the food is so so, however the good part is that you meet other travelers in the same room and share experiences, which is very nice as well.So Generally speaking, this hotel is an excellent value for money for your stay and Delhi &amp; comfortably.If you decide to take the travel package, I recommend you to ask for a driver called &quot;Rajan&quot; , we enjoyed the travel with him, he was a great guide &amp; fantastic company during the whole trip and an extremely funny guy, HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!	
Aug 11 2008 	Very nice place	I spent three weeks in the Grand Park Inn because I was in Delhi for business and had made some bad experiences in other places.The first night I had to spent in the annexed lower-priced hotel next door - this did not make me very happy, but then the next day I could change and I liked it.As I stayed there for an unusually long period I need to say that I enjoyed it!The room was very big, the TV worked well, the fridge even had a generator (which continued working during elecricity blackouts), the hotel staff was friendly (all young males), but sometimes struggled with their English. The Hotel Manager was also friendly. He and the other guys always helped me when I was looking for something or trying to figure out a &quot;realistic&quot; taxi price for a certain route.The breakfast, which was included, was basic, but okay, but was served to my room (there is a sort of dinner room in the other hotel, which was not very cozy). The room was cleaned on a daily basis and the towels (2-3) were always fresh. The bathroom - usually a nasty place in lower-priced hotels - was surprisingly clean. I had a room next to the street, which was quite busy, but in Delhi you always have the noise problem.The area is certainly not a posh touristic neighbourhood, but across the street there was a convenient supermarket and also about hundred meters away a liquor store to buy beer or wine. The metro was a 5-8 minute walk away - quite convenient.In general, I had a good time at the Grand Park Inn and would definitely recommend it to people who want a nice and clean hotel for a quite fair price (compared to others) with a good public transportation close by.	
Jul 23 2008 	Great Rooms Bad breakfast	This was our first hotel in Delhi, and we found everything apart from the breakfast and location to be very good. The location is fairly near to a metro however crossing the busy roads is required, which for some, may be a little tricky outside of the toursity areas where its a free for all, It's also in a fairly chaotic area, you will get to see a more real delhi than connaught place though. The breakfast was abysmal, Very little choice and what there was was not good at all, The foil wrapped toast mentioned before....not good. On to the good, The rooms were very spacious, we only had a standard and felt it was far more than most hotels gave us, the staff were very friendly and helpful, we got a car organised free to take us from the airport on arrival and to the station on departing free of charge, and they gave us good directions without pushing us to certain places. So all in all a good stay Between a 3 and a 4 definetely.	
May 3 2008	An oasis of calm in frantic city!	Stayed at the Hotel Grand Park Inn in January this year. The staff and the owner/manager were lovely - especially the manager who allowed us to use his computer for free to do an on-line check in at the airport! He arranged for us to be taken to restaurants and collected later but did not charge - we just tipped the driver.The rooms were very clean, breakfast adequate although the toast comes already buttered and wrapped in foil which makes it extremely soggy!! I requested mine to be left unwrapped which was much better.The Hotel is in a strange part of Delhi - lots of motor shops, motor bikes etc (not forgetting our omnipresent bovine friends!).Tuk tuks into the centre of Delhi or to the extremely spotlessly clean metro were inexpensive. The markets are wonderful, people very kind and friendly everywhere it seemed and at no time did we feel threatened when in Delhi.Once you get over the initial culture shock, India is a lovely place to visit and this hotel is great as an escape from the frantic hussle and bussle of the city - extremely cheap too - £125:00 for four nights B&amp;B for two of us including transport to the airport about 50minutes drive away!	
Mar 28 2008 	Our stay was peaceful and pleasing!	While searching a decent clean hotel to stay during our Delhi-Agra trip, I really did not know that, I have to spend lot of time in the web to find one for our budget. We wanted a very clean and decent hotel. After a lot of review study from different websites, finally me and my wife decided to call up Hotel, Grand Park Inn.Got really good response for our call.Till the moment we stepped into the allotted room, we were kind of tensed about not getting our expectations met. Our main concern was the cleanliness of the bathroom.We were glad to see the clean bathroom.Food was good.Felt homely, calm and safe.Room interiors were above average.We did not have any major problem other than little bit of noisy A/C and had to call up reception every time we wanted hot water except morning hours. Management need to train the staff on communication skills.	
Feb 22 2008 	great place to stay	The Grand Park Inn is a good clean hotel with great staff you can ask the manager to arrange a tour for you he does this with clean comfortable hotels with your own driver at a very reasonable price The hotel is quite near the centre of Delhi in a safe area you can ask the hotel to arrange a pick up and drop off for you at the airport The hotel is very good value for money I can recommend this hotel	
Feb 20 2008 	good idea	It was almost impossible to choose a reasonable place to stay in Delhi. Reading reviews left no hope. But this hotel was quite good after all.location - not far from CPmanager - competent (very unusual)rooms - quite big, newly renovated and literally spotless - highest mark for cleanliness!breakfast area - too small, people have to waitbreakfast - rather poorroom service - quite good ( if you close your eyes on a bit of cheating)Generally - practically best solution in that price range	
Jan 26 2008	no good	we stayed 3 nights, but our experience was terrible. A lot of noise and the staff sometimes was insistent. the sheets weren't clean.	
Jan 21 2008 	Not a Great Experience	I honestly view myself as a low-maintenance visitor, and I'm amenable to most circumstances. The Grand Park Inn is a very reasonably priced hotel in Delhi, and generally clean with good morning breakfast. But its location - Karol Bagh (the auto/motorcycle district on Delhi) is a less-than-nice location, despite its proximity to the subway. And the management is awful. My key complaints: (a) no driver from the airport although scheduled (plane was 1/2 hour delayed so driver left); (b) after day 2 (of 3), they move me to a sister hotel despite my request to stay; (c) they give me a room in the new hotel that has no out-facing window and is immediately adjacent to the kitchen, which is active and *really* loud for all hours except 2-6 am (so those are the hours I slept); and (d) they tell me in the morning I don't have a complementary breakfast (although I did at the first place), requiring me to speak to the manager who has me get the phone number for the manager at the other hotel (he actualy told me to go over there to talk to the manager at the other hotel rather than worry about it himself). There's more. And all this might seem a bit petty, but the frequent level of dishonest and disrespectful treatment really added up. I was very unhappy with the ongoing lies from the management. Overall, I'd rather have paid more for better treatment elsewhere.	
Jan 10 2008 	Pluses and negatives	The room rate is cheap by Delhi standards, and the hotel is clean. Hot water can be problematic. On our first night, we were shifted to a nearby hotel (Blue Bell) because the Grand Park Inn was full. The elevator at the Blue Bell got stuck between two floors after a power outage, and we were in there for 15 mins with lots of people shouting outside and making my mother quite nervous. If you get shifted to other hotels, please do not use the elevators for your safety.The area around the Grand Park Inn is not good. We got conned by a nearby optician store (Punjab Opticians) that the Grand Park Inn owner (Mr. Madan Pai) recommended, and the whole area seems unsafe for women at night for sure. A taxi driver nearby also tried to con us. Someone later told us that this area is shady.I also recommend NOT purchasing the tour to Agra and Haridwar that Mr. Pai offers. Besides the high price in comparison to hiring private taxis, our driver (arranged for us by Mr. Pai) forcibly took us to a restaurant called the Maharajah Palace where he gets commission and other perks. We told him not to take us there on the way back from Agra, but he still went there and drove on the wrong side of the road in order to get there (other motorists were all staring at us incredulously, which rarely happens in India where the driving is crazy as it is)! Food at the Maharajah palace costs five times what is typical in Delhi. The driver also took us to a place called Little Taj in Agra which is entirely useless so that he could get a commission on our purchases. On top of all this, the driver asked us if we wanted to hire a pandit (priest) from him for our trip to Haridwar on the next day!!! The guide at the Taj who was also arranged by Mr. Pai kept pressuring us to have a professional take our photos.Also, on the following day's tour to Haridwar that we purchased from Mr. Pai, if you can not tolerate cold, do not stay at the Khanna Palace (also owned by Mr. Pai). They have nonexistent or terrible heating and do not provide a personal room heater if needed. We ordered an extra bedsheet, and got a wet one.Overall, the cleanliness and the relatively low cost of the hotel is a plus that is negated by all the negatives I listed above.	
Dec 31 2007 	Clean and comfortable	We were very impressed with our room at Hotel Grand Park Inn and especially the fact that the bathroom had a bath!There wasn't much hot water and you had to call the reception to turn the hot water on and that took 10 mins to heat up. But that was fine and we got used to that.The food was good and the service also.	
Nov 19 2007 	Great stay in Grand Park Inn	We just returned from our first trip as a family (parents, 3 boys) to India. It is not easy or cheap to book a two rooms in at least reliable hotels. To book the hotels, I relied heavily on the reviews of other travellers and found them all very helpful. The Grand Park Inn was our in our first destination New Delhi and also our fourth stop, en route to Kolkata. It was a very pleasant and reliable experience. The hotel is really central located (just go out and take a taxi, it only takes you about 10 minutes to Connaught Place). What Iliked most is that you actually feel you are in India when you walk outside, the atmosphere is still a bit laid back with even the occassional cow walking by. It is central to most markets and there are very nice and clean restaurants nearby. The rooms were sparkling clean and service is immaculate, including some personal tourplanning. We will definitely stay there again.	
Oct 27 2007 	We had a great Stay!	We had a great stay in this hotel. Find the room and hotels is nicely maintained. Rooms are clean, service are excellent! Almost wasn't sure if the previous visitor was staying in the same hotel.For 25USD a night, we had a suite with 3 beds. I guess is designed for a family? Room is large &amp; clean, and the bathroom is clean and with good hot water supply. Sounds insulations can improve a bit as we can hear dogs barking throughout the night, though that didn't really bother us.Manager was very helpful in advising us on where to go to find food, internet, and organise day tour for us to go to Agra or transport to airport. Overall find the staff very friendly and helpful. Though the reception desk tends to over rely on their boss, sometimes we find that every question goes back to this big boss who is very helpful! Hence, only problem is if the big man isn't there sometimes or is busy, you cannot get your answer quickly.I agree the stuff can appear pushy for tips. We had 3 porters 'helping ' us with our two hand carry luggages! Though we did tip a bit (not every time), we find the staff deserves them as they really go out of their way to help us. For example, they went outside to look for beer for us after 10pm, because the kitchen was closed already, when we ordered room service! We also tried their bargain tasty dinner there and is great indeed!Overall, we find this hotel at a great location (5-10mins walk from metro station, 2 stops from Connaught Place), and great value (as long as you don't expect 5 stars hotels for less than 25USD a night!) and good service. We will definitely go back again if we do visit Delhi again, just hope they will maintain their high standard, as this looks like a pretty new hotel to me, and I am hoping that's not the reason why they are so good now!	
Jun 5 2009 	Hotel ist nur etwas für Packpacker oder Hartgesottene		
May 22 2008	Lo de Grand le pega mejor por el excelente servicio que por el tamaño.		
