	ok clean and friendly staff	Although the sorrounding is a bit low standard and the hotel from outside could be more friendly we found the rooms very clean and comfortabel. The staff was friendly. We had problems to find the place as the location on google maps was wrong, but that should be corrected in the meantime. Reception guys were very helpful. Room 303 is sometimes very loud as the Kitchen of the rooftop restaurant is right above it, otherwise the area was quiet during nighttime.All in all pretty good hotel for that price.	
	No Business Sources here	I can’t use my laptop here, no internet access , my client wanted to visit me but can’t find this hotel, the telephone operator was bad and rude with him while helping him with the directions. A backpacker area.	
Nov 22 2009 	Good value for the money	We chose this hotel for our over-night stay in Delhi. The place is good value for the money. It definitely needs a little polish here and there... but our bathroom was spotless!The staff was very friendly and did their best to make our stay as comfortable as possible. Moreover we can recommend their restaurant.	
Nov 7 2009 	A very good hotel in Paharganj	We stayed here for 3 nights at the beginning of our trip around India. The area of Paharganj is not the most touristy of areas and a pretty rundown however it gives you quite a good india experience as this is what a lot of India is like. People remain kind and if you can put up with the staring of the locals then its cheap and close to the train station.The hotel is down a bustlig side street. It is clean and the rooms are well apointed, nice double bed, TV and clean bathroom. AC and room fan available. Good selection of room service and upstairs restaurant is clean and has lovely views over the busy area. I did not find any cockroaches - always reassuring!The staff are extremely freindly. Happy to help sort things out and are always on hand for assistance. I cant speak Hindi and so there were some communication difficulties but nothing big. The brother of the owner offered some tourist travelling deals but we had already organised ours prior to coming. He was not pushy and offerred help if anything else we needed.One downside is that they do provide a pick up service, even though extremely useful is more expensive than the taxis you can pick up at the airport. The other being if you want to get a rickshaw from the train station to here and you are not Indian/look touristy in what should cost 10-20 rupees they will try and charge 100-150 rupees. We ended up getting quite angry with them and walking at 11pm(only a 10 minute walk though but not the safest area to walk in when dark - a risky venture)In summary - if you are up for the challenge of staying in Paharganj (cheap accomodation, authentic Indian experience and proximity to train station) then I would recommend this hotel to you. Clean and friendly	
Nov 1 2009 	Finding an Oasis in Delhi	I stayed at Lals Haveli for one week in September 2009 at the end of a 15 month trip around the world. I booked through hostelworld.com. When I first saw the outside I wondered if I had been droped off at the correct hotel, but when I went inside I was met by very friendly and welcoming staff. The room was not the biggest I had stayed in but was clean, nicely decorated, and had everything I was promised. They provided room service which was very nice. The food was traditional Indian food, not westernised, but excelent quality. The hotel is located just off a main road down a bussling side street, about 500M from New Delhi Railway station and about 1 Mile from Connaught Place and the nearest subway sation. The room I stayed in was very quiet and the other guests were respectfull and quiet at night.	
Oct 24 2009 	feeling of home from home	I stayed at Lal's Haveli at the start and end of my recent trip to India. I was given a warm welcome and a clean room. Throughout my stay nothing was too much trouble for the management and staff. The rooftop restaurant provides great food at cheap prices. Don't be put off by the area , give this place a chance and I am sure you will find the same wonderful hospitality. I booked a trip through the connected travel agency and again found value for money, safety as a woman alone and I had a great holiday.Jean Hadfield	
Oct 14 2009 	Good value for money but you can find better	Good location -right near pahar ganj, so very busy and dirty area. Fab sweet shop just outside. Place is very clean and safe but desperately needs a refurb. There is lots of choice in the area and you can def get better for your money if you shop about. No internet or wi fi in the hotel - it is around the corner. Room has all amenities you need. The staff are lovely and helpful. Would recommend but dont expect luxury when you pay peanuts.	
Sep 8 2009 	Best value for money hotel in New Delhi	Rooms are much better than what the reception promise. Spacy and cozy, with clean bathrooms. The staff are polite and willing to serve. As the area has many hotels, it will be difficult to find a better value.Makis	
Mar 1 2009 	Great Place To Stay	Great hospitality with good priced rooms. Very simple design which is comfortable and spacious. Bathrooms are spacious and very clean which is usually a hard thing to find in Delhi particularly for a hotel at this price! The area is great to wander around and so close to Connaught Place and I recieved an airport pick up with a nice driver who spoke good English. Staff are courteous and friendly and the food on the roof top terrace is amazing!! Make sure you get some photos of the Delhi skyline, particularly at sunset	
Jan 26 2009	Poor Query Resolution at Reception	I gave a call to the hotel, I was given two rates for Deluxe &amp; Semi Deluxe rooms and when I asked what is the difference between them, the receptionist was very curt and said you can come and see the difference. When I said I have to book the room and I am outside Delhi how can I come and see it, he said how can I tell you what is the difference. They badly need to train their staff for a decent behaviorhelloneoo@yahoo.com	
Jan 20 2009 	excellent hotel	amazing locationnice and clean new roomsvery good value for moneycourteous staffwould give it 5 outta 5	
Jan 16 2009 	hospitality and cleanliness	This hotel was much more than I expected for the price! I arranged a late night pickup and they were there and waiting. The staff was plentiful and courteous. The room was large and very clean. My only problem is that Delhi is cold at this time, but when I requested a second blanket it came think and fast. The room service was reasonable and fast. The location was very good to check out the center of Delhi. I was a first time visitor to India traveling as a woman alone and this Hotel made me feel very comfortable.	
Dec 24 2007	Somewhat dirty room spotless bathroom good staff	I spent a few days in and around the Paharganj area in New Delhi, where this hotel is located. It's unfortunately not on the main bazaar itself, but rather north a few blocks (it was about 15 mins walk from the New Delhi train station), so it's a bit difficult getting back there, especially since most rickshaw drivers hadn't heard of it or know where it was. All in all, the hotel wasn't so bad, it was in a lot of ways a welcome respite from the hell that is Paharganj (to any traveller going to India for the first time, I highly HIGHLY advise against staying in the Paharganj area during your first stay, it is quite frankly chaotic hell, stay somewhere like connaught place, which is more relaxed, there are tons of rickshaws available anywhere in the city anytime of day that will get you to the old city and main bazaar for around 50 Rupees ~ $1.50). The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful, they even let me keep my luggage there free for a week as I left and travelled west into Rajhastan. One thing you'll soon learn about India is that the hotel staff tend to sleep in the hotel itself on the floors in the lobby, so if you have a 6 am train departure like I did, don't feel bad to wake them up, the staff here were friendly even then. The room itself was fairly well furnished. I paid about 750 rupees a night (~$20) for a single room, it had a TV and bathroom with western toilets and a shower that gave warm but not hot water (which is still a plus in India, considering 3/5 hotels I stayed at had only cold water). The bathroom itself was truly spotless, which was the biggest saving grace of this hotel (otherwise I would give it a 1/5). The room itself was clean, but the sheets and pillow covers weren't quite washed, and frankly I killed 4 cockroaches while I was there, which should put things into perspective. The room was also a bit musty and lacked a proper window.There were two other great things about this hotel. First, there was an internet cafe right behind it for 20 rupees/hour. Second, almost right across from it was an awesome sweets shop called Bikaner Sweets (very very clean and western in setup), and upstairs of the sweet shop was a great vegetarian family restaurant, also very clean and cheap (highly recommended).All in all, the good sides of this hotel are balanced with its bad sides. The location isn't so great, and the room is somewhat dirty, but the staff are friendly, the bathroom was clean, and the internet cafe and nearby restaurant were the bomb. If it wasn't for the cockroaches and dirty bedsheets, I'd give it a 4/5.	
