Aug 4 2009 	Loved The Rooms	This Hotel is always my choice when ever I have to stay very near to the Airport. The Rooms are so well managed, that I love to stay in them. the working staff is alsr really good and so good is the food there. I would recommend you all that if you are looking for a budget hotel, then do visit this place. This is worth everything and you will also get good amount of corporate discounts.	
Jun 4 2009 	Backup hotel close to the airport - OK only if you have no other choice	Compared to many other Hotel in New Delhi, this hotel is better than average. But I would not consider it any better than a backup not to far away from the airport. The value for money is really bad:- The hotel is located in a very noisy area.- My room was very dirty (floor, walls, bathroom).- After looking at the bed sheet, I decided to take a 2nd shower after sleeping.- The breakfast was a mix between British and Indian styles, but the worse of both.The service was a mix: when I checked in, evenso I arrived after 11pm, the service was very friendly, quick and efficient. The next day, the reception was quite unfriendly and agressive. I still do not know why.	
May 13 2009 	Delhi Airport Hotel	Nice clean rooms. Tad expensive but I booked thru IRCTC website and got an allinclusive rate.Though IRCTC did not mention free B/F they gave it	
Apr 22 2009 	Grear Hotel	If you want to have a meeting close to airport, Hotel Shanti palace is the right choice. Its has nice big rooms and tasty restaurent, Though its a bit expensive but its worth to sat there.I stayed there for 2 nights it was a pleasent stay for me.	
Mar 6 2009 	Average for the price	This is an OK place to stay if you need to be near the airport, but that is probably the only positive thing to say about its location. The hotel overlooks a busy flyover route into Delhi and the area around the hotel is particularly grotty and nondescript should you be thinking of taking an evening stroll. We would not recommend staying here for any other reason than to be close to the airport. The hotel is smart and nicely decorated. Our room was clean and well furnished and we had a bath, as well as a shower. On pulling back the curtains we found a wall about 1ft away from the window, so no panorama. Hotels in Delhi seem not to see windows as a priority so we weren't particularly surprised. On balance we would recommend stay here for the airport, but not for any other reason. Its a long way from the centre of Delhi and the general area is not particularly nice. Once inside the Hotel is is quite nice, and has a decent bar/restaurant with albeit, far more waiters and floor managers than are actually needed. This hotel cost us Rs7000 per night (about £100). This is about three or four times the cost of hotels in the Paharganj area and although the rooms were a lot better we couldn't really say it was great value. There don't seem to be any mid-range hotels in Delhi though and if you want something of a decent standard and don't want to pay $300 a night then this is not a bad option.	
Dec 17 2008 	Shanti Palace -- Surprisingly Nice!	Shanti Palace is a great hotel if you just need a place to sleep for a night or two. With my husband being from India we were shocked to see hotel prices in Delhi between $300 and $400 USD a Night!!! This place was recommended to us by family member and for about $180 USD per night we were pleasantly surprised. It is located less than 5 minutes from the airport with optional driver pick-up service for about 600 rupees one way (not including a tip). The room was incredibly clean and comfortable for 2 people and we had the option between twin beds or a king. The room was completely granite including the floors, bathroom and counter tops and it came equipt with a mini-fridge as well as a flat screen TV. There is also a high speed fan in the room as well as A/C. Breakfast is included at the Tripti Restaurant &amp; Bar downstairs and lunch is affordable. Beware if you want to purchase alcohol you must be over the age of 25. There is also travel agent located in the lobby who can help you arrange transportation back to the airport if need be. The only complaint we would have had was that the only view your window in the room might have is of pipes or an enclosed stairway. However, after more than 30 hours of traveling we didn't care about a view. All we wanted was a nice hot shower and a place to lay our heads.	
Dec 11 2008 	Outstanding experience with the Shanti Palace	A delayed connecting flight made us miss a 1 AM flight from the Delhi Airport. We stayed in the Shanti Palace for 2 nights and were very pleased with the hotel. Our room seems to have been recently renovated and was extremely clean and well appointed. Beautiful bathroom, excellent room service, and the entire staff was very helpful. Breakfast is included in the room price and the buffet was acceptable. At $155 per night, we thought we received good value for our money.	
Jan 3 2008 	poor service	Meet and greet from staff is very poor. Do not understand English. Reception staff stopped serving me, snatched the guest book and started to serve an American Guest. I did get very offended by this and told him on the face. Staff do not know how to smile and welcome guests. In the end gave us the key for a room that was not even ready.Getting an extra bed proved an hour long argument!!Hotel owner needs to know what their staff behave like and how they could be losing valued customers. Hotel needs to have more site seeing leaflets on display.	
Dec 19 2007	OK for stay-over from Airport	OK and clean. Has restaruant ok.We got a deluxe suite where we stayed with our two young daughters.Better take a room not facing the highway (noise).Close to airport. We paid around 300 rupies for transport to airport.	
Dec 18 2007	A Good Place for Business Travellers	I cannot agree with some bad comments made on this Hotel. Although the Hotel is located in &quot;middle of nowhere&quot;, the facilities offered are reasonable for Business travellers. The views out of the window may not be a worry for such travellers. I surly cannot agree with the comment regarding the rudeness of the staff, who in my opinion were very courteous. I would have wished for few more choices in the breakfast menu.	
Nov 25 2007 	Below average hotel	I stayed a single night at the Shanti Palace and found the hotel to be a very poor hotel. First and foremost, the hotel is outdated. To register for a room, you must sign a registration book that is straight out of the 18th century. Second the doors lock with a latch that you find on your outdoor fence. The single beds are extremely small. If your over 6.0feet/1.80m, then you're probably too big for the beds. The rooms are not clean at all. I would never return to this hotel!	
Jun 25 2007 	Expensive	Hotel seems to have been recently refurbished. Rooms are small but clean. Price on their website was Rs4600, we were charged Rs6600. Poor value for money. Reasonably close to airport.	
Dec 21 2006 	Unbelievable rude. Food poisoning. Tiny very dirty rooms. Avoid!!!	This is a hotel in the middle of nowhere, next to the airport(about 3-4 kms, 2-3 miles). The staff is extremely rude. Therooms are very small and are facing a wall. Literally, there'sa wall about 1m in front of ALL the rooms' windows. Thereception staff is not only rude but also over-price each andevery item they can - e.g., hotel-airport ride (they charged us8USD, the street price was about USD4). The restaurant in thehotel is extremely expensive, roughly 4 times the normal New Delhi prices. Some people with us got food poisoningfrom that food, the second day. They stayed inside for 2 daysjust to recover. There is literally NOTHING close to this hotel.Just avoid it please, if you have a chance. On the other hand,I am not sure if you can get much better in Delhi in general.However, for about USD 140 (roughly USD 30 more than Shanti Palace, if you want to fork out that much), the hyatt isok, has free wireless etc. A friend of ours stayed there.	
Nov 27 2006	It was a very safe and clean hotel.	We were three women that shared a good size room for three nights. The hotel was safe and very clean and that was the most important thing to us. Friendly staff. Food was good. And it was not as expenssive as 3 or 4 star hotels that were poorly reviewed. The hotel was near the airport and a little far from the city. But we rented a taxi with a driver all day for a 1000 rubies. The same taxi took us to Agra and back for 2500 Rubies. Great deal.	
