	economical rooms 	The property was very convenient and my stay was smooth. Room was clean and service was perfect. I didn't take any meal but morning breakfast was hygienic and tasteful. Thought i took the dinner &amp; it was great . Location was also decent one. I will definitely visit this hotel whenever I planned to come back here again.	
	France love India	This was my first visit to India. One of my friend suggested me to take a stay in this hotel.I booked the suit room through internet. Hotel arranged complimentary airport pickup for me. They gave me a very classy service,the room was very neat and clean,mini bar had all the things which i needed,the restaurant was good and the food was awesome. The interior of the room was really very good and it gave me a positive attitude. The staff of the hotel was well trained and gave me a good service. I also enjoyed the internet service but the only drawback was the location of the hotel i.e. karol bagh area was very crowded. Despite of all the drawbacks about the area i really enjoyed my stay.I would like to thank the hotel staff for cooperating with me and giving me the good service and my special thanks goes especially to the front office of the hotel for not charging for the printouts which i had taken from the hotel computer.	
	HotelNanakRocks	The property was very convenient and my stay was smooth. Room was clean and service was perfect. I didn't take any meal but morning breakfast was hygienic and tasteful. Location was also decent one. I will definitely visit this hotel whenever I planned to come back here again.	
Nov 26 2009 	I Love Delhi	I enjoyed my stay at Sri Nanak in Delhi . Many thanks to owners Sandeep &amp; Karan who took personal care of us . I arrived early and I was given room. The service is excellent but the food is average. Will definately stay at the hotel when I visit Delhi . Also I will recommend my friends to book through hotel directly . Hotel has a nice website and can book online directly.	
Nov 26 2009 	godloveshuman	A Perfect hotel for the business traveler and located in an ideal central area accessible from anywhere in the city any hour . Overall set up is excellent and counter staff courteous and helpful. so much so that at times you feel you are unnecessarily taking advantage of their nature just because you want to experience the Royal feeling which the staff wants you to experience. It was a perfect stay.Kamal Bhagat	
Nov 25 2009 	TheGamePlay	The hotel room was very good with modern outfit. Though room was spacious, its more than made up with modern amenities and good lighting. The front office was also very cordial and well staffed. The restaurant was not very good. The food was upto standard. The bath room was good . House keeping made sure small things are refilled everyday !	
Nov 21 2009 	What you see and what you get are both good!	As a female travelling alone, I found the neighborhood a little destitute, but the hotel was perfect for the price and just around the corner from bustling activity, shops, traffic and typical Delhi hustle and bustle. The staff was eager to help and very warm and friendly. The room was very spacious; the only drawback is that the shower is not in a separate stall so water sprays over the floor of the bathroom. All in all, a good value, very clean, lots of little packages of necessities. I would recommend this as a decent budget hotel.	
Oct 29 2009 	The Hospitality and service was the best.	A Perfect hotel for the business traveler and located in an ideal central area accessible from anywhere in the city any hour . Overall set up is excellent and counter staff courteous and helpful. so much so that at times you feel you are unnecessarily taking advantage of their nature just because you want to experience the Royal feeling which the staff wants you to experience. It was a perfect stay .	
Oct 24 2009 	Good value hotel in a good location	This hotel is situated in a market. Good area to stay in as it is a local indian area and hassle free. Good shopping close by. Small hotel but friendly. Staff were helpful.	
Oct 21 2009 	Cheap but not really clean	The hotel is cheap, located in an area with a lot of garages and car trading activities. We were upgraded for free - but the room we were upgraded to did not even have a window! Sheets and towels were partly dirty - so this was not a cosy place to stay.The personell is very friendly tough, we were instantly given another room when asking. All in all it is not really a recommendable hotel, but we had expected something like that.	
Oct 16 2009 	Room was fabulous with all the facilities. Staff were active with good smile on their face	Room was fabulous with all the facilities. Staff were active with good smile on their face. Breakfast was excellent in taste. Hotel is centrally located in the main city. It is worth the money charged.	
Oct 16 2009 	This hotel is centrally located in the main city	This hotel is centrally located in the main city. Our room was well organised with all the amenities. Staff members were willing to help us anytime. Also breakfast was tasty and it was served very well by the waiter of the restaurant.	
Oct 12 2009 	Value for money	This hotel is centrally located in the main city. Rooms were well organised with all the amenities. Staff members were willing to help us anytime. Also breakfast was tasty and it was served very well by the waiter of the restaurant.	
Oct 11 2009 	we were quite happy	Hotel is centrally located in the main city. Our room was wonderful, the room service managed the things well. The food quality too was up to the mark. This is definitely a good choice.	
Oct 1 2009 	Worst place to stay	I was forced to stay in this hotel as i was coming from Manali with a small 4 year old child at 6.30 am.I checked into this hotel.The room rents are far too high for the amenities.The bed is placed on a carpet which has not been cleaned in the last one year.The hotel staff must rank as the most unfriendly and rude that I have encountered.They insisted i pay in cash or pay 2% more if I payed by card.They insisted that I pay more as i was checking in at 6.30 am in the morning.Hioweevr if you fight they would reluctently agree to not charge you anything extra.If you wanted an extra tea bag , I had to fight for it.	
Sep 29 2009 	Average	Average hotel in the busy Carol Bagh area.Not much to describe about except that you cant find another 3 star hotel in Delhi city for this value.The restaurant is not that great and the food too was just OK.Overall, only advisable if you dont have any other option except stay in Carol Bagh....Which ofcourse is a street shoppers paradise.	
Sep 6 2009 	Loved the hospitality	I was at this hotel with my parents from Feb 3, 09 - Feb 7, 09. We had travelled from Fiji Islands.The most fantastic thing about this hotel is the hospitality. The staff, even the management were so helpful. We ran into some emergency and I was amazed at the way we were helped out, especially by the management. Another great thing we liked about this hotel was the location. It is right in the middle of Karol Bagh and accessible to the main shopping areas. We really enjoyed our stay here.	
Aug 31 2009 	we enjoyed it	Sri Nanak is definitely one of the best 3 star properties in Delhi. The hotel room &amp; the food was excellent. It was a perfect stay.	
Aug 29 2009 	very nice stay	The hotel is perfect for a stay in Delhi We received a warm welcome from the hotel management. We were given a nice room. The room was spacious and well furnished. In fact, we are thankful to the hotel management because they upgraded our room without any extra cost. The bathrooms were very clean . There was bath tub, and also separate shower panels which we enjoyed the most. We were also given complimentary soft beverages and free laundry service. The restaurants served delicious food. I would certainly recommend this hotel to all travelers in Delhi .	
Aug 29 2009 	Better stay away	Sri Nanak Continental is situated in a rather shabby neighbourhood in New Delhi.We stayed in four different hotels on our trip, and Sri Nanak was by far the worst.We had booked a &quot;luxury room&quot;.- The room did not feature a safe (which was said to be included).- The A/C was old and very noisy, and it was not possible to leave it on when removing the room key to go out, making the room as hot as outside (+40 c).The staff tried to scam us when we asked for a hotel taxi to the local market. It was just a couple of blocks away, and they wanted Rs. 1500 (!!). When we declined the offer and left, they hurried back to us and offered a four hour sightseeing for rp.800 (which still is pretty expensive).We went to see some other parts of India, and left the hotel for five days. We asked to check out and get refund for the this period. The staff declined the refund, but wanted us badly to check out. We did not check out, as we needed the room for storage. So, in the meantime, while checked in, the staff removed our belongings from the hotel room and unplugged the refridgerator. When we got back, we had to ask the staff to get our stuff back. They had most likely rented our room out when we were gone. Very unprofessional!Positive remarks:- The hotel gave us free airport pick up.- They gave us three hour free internet access.- Liqour shop situated next to the hotel.- The food in the restaurant (other than the continental breakfast) was OK.Note:The internet at the hotel must be authenticated through a web frontend. This page does not work with Opera Mini or the standard Nokia web browser.Summary:Unprofessional and dubious staff. Stay away from this hotel.	
Aug 22 2009 	Pretty poor might be ok value for money.	Me and some friends stayed at this hotel when visiting India recently and here are my impressions:Rooms: Size is somewhat small, but in my opinion not really that bad. The main room seemed clean enough, but the bathroom was a disaster. A very dirty floor, somewhat smelly, and stains in the toilet (not excrements, but the kind you get if you never clean it). Towels and bedsheets were clean.Hygene supplies like soap, shampoo, shaver, shower scrub and tooth brush/paste were all included, but the empty/used ones wasn't always replaced unless we asked for it.Air Condition machines were noisy but worked ok.Staff: Rather unfriendly and not too service-minded. They also seemed very helpless when it came to things that are not in their daily routine. For example, when cheking out, they insisted my card was being declined. When I looked at the display on the card reader it said &quot;check phone no&quot;. I told them that it was probably not a card problem, but a connection problem, yet they insisted it was my card that didn't work and demanded I go get some cash. After some nagging, I got them to wiggle a bit on the phone connector, and hey presto, it worked.As usual, when checking out, you have to fight the staff to roll your own suitcase yourself the three meters from your room to the lift. If they get to you they'll also cram themselves together with you and your luggage in the already small elevator, not matter how much you tell them you can do it yourself. Totally unnecessary in my opinion. No tip!When we asked the hotel taxi for a 8 km ride they wanted 1500 rupees. We just turned our back to leave, and suddenly we got a better (not good, but better) deal. (Four hours free driving for 800 rs) Dissapointing that they first tried to hustle us like that.The two friends I traveled with had prepaid their room, and when we went for a unplanned trip we told the staff we would leave for a few days. As my friends could not get a refund (the staff didn't even want to try, they just repeated &quot;not refundable as in the agreement&quot;) my friends didn't check out for the small trip. When we came back, their belongings were removed from their room. Though they got them back, it seems the room was rented out in the meantime.Food: The best thing about the hotel. The restaurant has some great Indian dishes. But stay away from the continental breakfast!Internet: Provided by wifi, but unfortunately user authorized by a somewhat dodgy web solution that doesn't work in all browsers, so you might not be able to use your smart phone.	
Aug 13 2009 	Poor organization	I went to India with my wife for sightseen, this country has many things to see and Taj Mahal is defenitively the best of the seven wonders. We were hosted in Hotel Sri Nanak Continental and from my point of view this hotel has a weak organization.We had the next problems due poor organization1.- I requested pick up service in the airport, we were waiting for 30 minutes, and taxi never arrives, finally we decided to go by ourself to hotel.2.- Even though there is a questionaire to feed back about problems with infrastructure and service, it seem they didnt read it, air conditioner is very noisy, almost impossible to sleep, but with a temperature in summer of 40°C obviously is necessary3.- Room cleaning can be drastically improved.4.- We bought a 3 days-tour to Agra and Jaipur in travel desk of same hotel, I explained them due we were not using the room during 2 nights I must not pay this, but responsible explained me this is a hotel policy and that I had to pay this 2 nights and additional hotel in Agra and Jaipur. 5.- The street is very noisy and rooms are not designed to have a quiet enviroment.I recommend to look for different option, there are better hotels in Delhi at same price.	
Jul 20 2009 	Horrible horrible place-will not stay here ever again!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for one night. My husband booked this place because it was shown as a top value hotel on Trip advisor! the location is not that great. but that was not our main problem. when we arrived at the hotel after a long flight, the staff were very rude and extremely lazy.. hey took about half hour to check us in and the service was really really bad. finally we were taken to the room. It is extremely small. Although they had provided a big collection of supplies for bathroom etc. I was impressed with the LCD TV bcos overally the hotel looked quite horrible! The bathroom was the worst. It smelt of cigarettes and I was not sure if they had actually cleaned the bathrooms before we arrived. Five minutes after we checked into the hotel, we were asked to come down to the reception with our passports. As we were planning to go and watch a movie, my husband and I went downstairs. We were met by two police officers in civil clothes. They started asking us many questions as to where we work etc. We were questioned for a good ten minutes. They became very nice to us after they found out where my husband and I were working and apologised to us. When we asked why they wanted to question us they told us that it was arountine checking as the indian independance day was coming soon, that we were the only guests in our rooms and because we were originally from a south asian country! I was quite angry, even thought the police officers were eventually very nice to us. we had no idea why they wanted to check us and we were quite suspicious because both the police officers who had come to check us spoke our mother tongue which is not that often used in north india.. what made us even more angrier was that the front office staff did not even apologise to us or even explain why were being questioned.. My husband and I have stayed in many places as we go on holidays once a month and this hotel was the worst that I had stayed in.. My husband and I actually had an argguement because I was complaining the whole evening about this hotel :).. I have no idea why this hotel is shown as a top value hotel in trip advisor as there are many many more nicer hotels. I will not stay here again and I will not recommend it to anyone!!	
Jun 14 2009	small but convenient	Small hotel but neat.. good for stay if you going for shopping in that area of delhi	
May 27 2009 	Nice experience....	The hotel &amp; services were very much helpfull to me as I was the first time visitor to Delhi. I felt very easy to move to see various places in and around Delhi. They had a very good trip assistance, loyal drivers with cab took me to Haridwar+ Rishikesh+ Tajmahal.Rooms &amp; Services were satisfactory.	
May 20 2009 	AVOID !!! DON'T STAY AT THIS HOTEL	The room was very small and unpleasent. Very DIRTY. Unable to sleep due to a loud noise from the street till 4 am. No hot water at bathroom. On arrival we were told that breakfast is included, but on checkout we charged 600 rhp for breakfast. The breakfast was very poor, and the service poor as well. The train station is about 10 minutes walk, in an unpleasant area. The hotel location is faraway from the tourists' attraction, and the area don't look safe at evening time. The A/C was very noisy, and hardly worked, so the room was hot.It was the worst hotel we had in India. I would not stay there again. I do NOT recommend this hotel. It was a very bad experience. I can not understand the other review.	
May 3 2009 	Overall stay was unpleasant though some staff were nice.	I only stayed for one night and left quickly the next morning to tour a bit of Delhi and catch a train to Agra in the afternoon. The rooms were ok, but not very clean. My towels were dirty and phone didn't work, so I had to move rooms right away. I can't say much about the location as I didn't explore much, but it is on a very busy narrow street filled with mopeds, fruit stands, and liveliness. Wouldn't recommend walking around solo after dusk but if you are 2 or more, you'd probably be ok. FYI -Breakfast was not included since I booked online. I would not stay there again or recommend this hotel.Additionally - When I arrived, I coordinated a car for the next day which was a bit of an ordeal, but worked out fine. Just beware of the 80 kilometer limit, which I exceeded easily (they charge 7 rupees each additional kilometer - which I actually don't think is terrible, just that you will like go over the limit.) Also, the driver tried to tack on an extra 20 more for not dropping me off back at the hotel or something, even though I had arranged to end the day at the train station. That was annoying and obviously not well communicated.	
Mar 12 2009 	brilliant service	we had a short stay at this hotel and would fully recommend it to anyone. The train station is very near and in the middle of a vibrant area. The service was very good, Bunty the taxi driver was great and very helpful . Food was very good and will definately stay again. For a good quality cheap hotel i would stay here.	
Feb 9 2009 	nice family run hotel	I being a business traveler very often come to new delhi . I booked this hotel via a travel agent and it turned out to be a very decent choice . They had nice , clean rooms with all facilities . Also rooftof restaurant serves delicious chicken items . The travel desk &amp; staff were also very prompt .	
Feb 5 2009 	Unlikely to go back	For me, getting a good nights sleep and having good washing facilities are the most important reasons for staying in a hotel. Sadly this hotel failed on both counts. The room was tiny with old style A.C. unit which allowed all the outside noise to come through, making it impossible to sleep. The shower had a very poor water flow, not enough have a decent wash. And if you arrive early, like we did, they will charge you for an extra night. If you want to stay up all night and go without a wash, be their guest. Definitely not for us again.	
Jan 12 2009 	Much More than Expected	We being an old couple wanted a neat room &amp; a secure place to stay. After spending numerous hours searching for the hotel on the internet we decided to stay at Sri Nanak. There are endless options in the internet but you realize the difference only when you arrive at the hotel .We had booked the hotel directly to get a good deal, and the reply was prompt . We stayed in a executive room which was a newly renovated rooms &amp; later upgraded us to a suite room since they had empty rooms which was a nice gesture. It had nice LCD TV and very clean white linen which is uncommon for hotels in delhi in this price bracket. Rooms had all things which you can expect from a 4 * hotel. We were satisfied with the staff who helped us at all times. Also the hotel has a travel desk in which we went for a same day agra tour * delhi local tour which all went perfect. Overall i would like to recommend this hotel to all travelers as I like sharing my opinion so that others can benefit.Also the hotel Wi-Fi Service was very fast &amp; the best part it was free. They also have a desktop machines in case you do not have a laptop . &quot;&quot;	
Jan 11 2009 	Family Traveller44	This was my first visit to New Delhi, I always book my hotel through Travel Agent but this time I book my hotel through internet. As I have seen many reviews in trip-advisor about this hotel so we decide to stay in this hotel &amp; book a room through the hotel website. I requested the hotel to give me the discount but they refuse to give me the discount and they offer me Free Airport pickup with complimentary breakfast. So we finally decide to book this hotel. The hotel arranged nice luxury car to pickup my family as I was coming from Singapore late night. The hotel was located in crowded area Karol Bagh so we feel safe there to stay. Hotel Sri Nanak was nice, clean &amp; comfortable as my daughter is very particular about the cleanliness of the bathroom but she was happy as there was shower panel in the bathroom with 6 nozzles as never expected in such kind of hotels. The hotel room was small but they have all facilities which we can never think in small luxury hotel as I have stayed in many hotels in India. I will recommend other family travelers to stay in this hotel as the atmosphere of the hotel looks like home.	
Dec 30 2008 	Very Noisy Overpriced	Stayed for a night. The room was very noisy for 2 reasons:1. A/C was rumbling like it was about the explode. Had to switch it off eventually because I got really worried. 2. There was some night-long celebration where there was chanting/singing in the street outside (not the Hotel's fault, but still makes it difficult to sleep).Free wireless internet was good. They also give free newspapers which I did not expect from a budget hotel. Hotel staff were also reasonably helpful. While no complaints apart from the noise, the overall hotel service is not spectacular either to merit the price they are charging for.	
Dec 29 2008 	Mediocre but Manageable	Our room was incredibly small, and a bit dingy. Staff was nice, though, and the breakfasts were good. The &quot;aloo parata&quot; was the best we had in India.	
Dec 16 2008 	Exellent experience	&quot; We stayed for 7 nights in this hotel . I must say they are really hard woking people . The staff were really helpful at all times . the manager was flexible with the late checkout time , we were ready to pay the charge . But he denied . also the food , rooms service all was very good . The hotel wa its travel desk for which they offer good price . The Local Sightseeing with them was also a good one covering all parts ot delhi . I would reccoamnde this hotel &quot;	
Dec 10 2008 	We enjoyed this Hotel very much	We enjoyed this hotel very much . Its a nice family run hotel by Sandeep &amp; Karan .The hotel is nice &amp; Clean . Very near to connaught places which is heart of Delhi . We stayed 3 night and really liked our stay at this hotel.	
Dec 9 2008	No problems but overpriced	I stayed here three nights and had absolutely no problems, but the price of 2590 rupees is simply too high for this kind of accommodation. You can get a similar room at Cottage Yes Please for 900/night (and I would have done so, except Yes Please was full at that time). The only real difference in service and quality that I can think of was that Sri Nanak left a newspaper outside my door every morning.The location is a bit noisy. There is a Gurudwara down the street and they broadcast prayers quite loudly at certain times during the day and evening. All around the hotel there are automotive-type shops with lots of motorbikes and the place is really grimy, especially the air. You can see the haze in the air just looking down the street.The main reason I paid this much was for the free WiFi, which I needed for my work. But there are probably other, cheaper options available.	
Dec 2 2008 	Great stay	We had very nice time at this hotel,Rooms, staff , internet , clealiness all was very good, we very much enjoyed our stay.	
Nov 16 2008 	Mixed Feelings	Staying at the Sri Nanak Continental for two nights on my first trip to Delhi, I cannot compare it to other accomodations - but you get the impression that the prices of all mid-range hotels are somehow inflated. The good thing about the Hotel is the rather quiet location (at least for the Karol Bagh district). Most taxi drivers will have to ask a couple of times (and may not be able to read the hotel sign or the address on your reservation...). The room was more less clean, but a strange selection of new and old (well used) furniture. The rooms seem to differ very much, some with new flat screen TVs and bathrooms, some with quite old installations.The rooftop restaurant produced surprisingly good dishes, though the ordering process revealed some communication problems now and then.The check in took quite long, Minibar and Taxi had to be paid in cash. The service was efficient, however, and wakeup call and ordered taxi were on time. The hotel also offers to store some luggage, e.g. if you leave for a round trip for a couple of days.	
Nov 8 2008 	Not impressed I'm afraid	I have to say I was not at all impressed with having paid nearly $200 for 2 nights in this hotel.When I arrived my room was not clean, there were gecko droppings in the bathroom, the sheets were dusty, half a bottle of the previous occupant's shampoo was in the room, the kettle did not work and there were the remnants of the previous sachets of coffee from the last occupant, but no replacement sachets. The milk powder sachets were also 8 months past the 'best before' date and it is recommended not to drink them after this date.The following day (today) I had to make many requests - for replacement sachets of coffee, for a new kettle and, when no one had come to clean my room by the afternoon, I requested it was cleaned. This was done quite reluctantly. I still received no replacement coffee sachets.The staff were very polite and have good manners and the reception desk were very helpful in providing me with maps, information re shops and other matters.However, there does need to be some improvement in the management of the hotel domestic standards. They are not what I would expect from a 3 star Hotel.If I had paid $30 per night and this hotel was either a 1 or 0 star, I would have been happy, as it comes under the no frills budget category. However, it is far far removed from the advert on the site and not worth the amount of money I spent on it.	
Oct 1 2008 	not a good place	The worst hotel we stayed in India. The staff was not friendly at all.When we asked to pay in euros they tried to cheat us in calculating the chage rates...The room was dirty and we had to keep close the bathroom door due to the smell...The resturant is fine even if the service was very slow.	
Sep 5 2008 	Great budget place but beware of the tourist operators attahced to the hotel	If you are looking for a good budget hotel then Nanak is a great choice in Delhi. It's location is not the best, especially since it is tucked into a narrow street which was not really car-friendly. Service at the hotel was excellent. The staff were very friendly and accommodating. Rooms were clean but the bathroom shower curtains could be better. The food at the restaurant was good and we had no complaints. My only complaint during the duration of our stay was the travel agency attached to the hotel. They were ridiculously overpriced, and the drivers who took us back to New Delhi railway station were outright impolite and did not care about the fact that it was raining and that we did not want to wade in a pool of water to get to the entrance of the station. All they were worried about was that we had to pay Rs. 100 more for the A/C. On the second day of our stay we took a tour of Delhi and the driver was reluctant to take us to many places saying that it was too crowded. It looked like we were traveling with his comfort in mind.PLEASE BEWARE ABOUT THESE TOURIST OPERATORS. You would be better off if you can arrange your Delhi tours with another travel agency. I called Mr. Karan Khandelwal of the hotel and he promised to look into this matter and was very apologetic but I never got a call back or an email regarding this. Overall the hotel was a pleasant experience with the only blot being the tourist operators. I would recommend the place otherwise.	
Aug 12 2008 	Would recommend it …	Enroute home I had some dead time in Delhi on August 1. As I was travelling with two young kids, some decent lodging to have a nap and shower, was imperative. I booked this hotel by directly contacting the property through email. They offered me a room for INR 1500 for 8 hours, everything included except transfer. I thought INR 1500 was not a bad deal and thus consented to the offer. The room was clean and worth its price. Bathroom was of good standard to be a budget hotel in India, toiletries of acceptable quality. Wifi was ok. As far as location is considered, it all depends upon what you are looking for. If you are out to enjoy the true hustle bustle of India, it is a perfect choice … congested, mainstream India with all its salient features. But if you are allergic of crowd, hullaballoo and wanted to have something silent and calm, avoid this hotel … rather avoid the locality Karol Bagh altogether. The hotel asks for INR 700 for a taxi to the airport, which is quite unreasonable. Air-conditioned radio taxi would cost at the most INR 450. Of course, there are much better alternatives. However, in short, I would recommend this hotel if you are looking something in this price class. A general tip: Try as far as practically possible, have your deals in writing, explicitly mentioning what it includes and what it doesn’t. Otherwise, you will be bitterly surprised at the end.	
Jul 19 2008 	A Nice Budget Alternative	First of all, it should be clear to visitors that we are talking about budget alternative not a property in luxury segment. Thus, it would be unreasonable and irrational to expect everything at its best. Taking the rates in account I would say … 1. Hotel rooms are adequately clean. 2. Toilet/bathroom = above average3. Maharaja suit could be a nice option for families travelling with young kids and tight budget. Location is not the ideal one … but not that bad either. Conclusion: Honestly speaking Sri Nanak deserves better rating than the one it currently holds (27).	
Jun 30 2008 	Cosy Little Hotel	The Sri Nanak is a cozy place in a busy Delhi location. It's not within walking distance of much, but you'll feel like you're in real Delhi.We stayed here twice, and had a different room each time. The two rooms we had were both comfortable and clean, but one room was definitely more recently renovated in than the other.On Christmas Day, we were treated to a free simple dinner in the restaurant upstairs.Practicalities:Free internet access from a computer terminal. There are small grocery shops, pharmacies and restaurants nearby. The hotel staff is courteous and responsive to needs. The hotel also felt safe. Get detailed instructions on how to get to the hotel because taxi drivers seem to have difficulty finding it. Overall, great for the price.	
Jun 11 2008 	Comfortable Stay	Though I stayed at the hotel just for a night, I found the hotel very comfortable and peaceful. The interior of the hotel room was very good. The hotel is located in the heart of the city, Karol Bagh. The staff was very co-operative and helpful. I would certainly recommend this hotel to my relatives and friends.	
Apr 26 2008 	Excellent Stay	I stayed with Hotel Sri Nanak in March 08. The hotel was great, the services was just too great. The Owner sandeep was great too, he had a dinner with us and that was complimentary. The Manager were very helpful in providing information about the city which was quite handy ! We had our Laptops , we could browse High Speed Wi-Fi which was quite useful . Also if you are not carrying the notebook then the hotel provides free access to desktops. The Food at the restaurant was great serving excellent chicken tikka masala (I like spicy food). The food was just too good to resist! The rooms have been nicely decorated &amp; very clean. The bathroom was equipped with latest amenities and the rooms were just amazing. There is a nicely decorated lobby in the basement where you can shop too. I bought a lovely pair of elephants. Over all my stay at the hotel was great &amp; it's a good deal to be here! If you are in Delhi, grab a room here.Happy traveling to all!	
Apr 22 2008 	clean cheap free wi-fi	The hotel offered to pick me up from the airport, for 800 Rupees. I arranged a taxi at the airport for 250 Rupees, but took the driver a long time to find the hotel. I would recommend you have a map and give the driver directions.The location is a few minutes walk from several lively street markets and the metro station is within 10 minutes walk.The room was small, basically furnished and reasonably clean. The staff are very helpful.A good value hotel for Delhi.	
Apr 20 2008 	Excellent location grat staff	I chose Sri Nanak hotel for 2 reasons: the location (it is nearby the place I needed to go to for business) and the reviews about the staff. When in a new city it is always best to have reliable local information. My expections were infact exceeded.The hotel is clean and provides a more than average service for the Indian standards of a 3 star. But the people at the reception were outstanding. They helped me organize my days in such a way that I managed to perfectly combine busines and tourism. Transport was just perfect, including the pick up at the airport.But a special note is for the restaurant: I had the most enjoyable indian food; not the usual tourist stuff, but authentic indian cuisine in a very friendly environment.I will for sure come back the next times I will be in Delhi.	
Apr 14 2008 	Mixed feelings	This was our first trip to India and our first stay in this hotel. To me it bore no resemblance to the lavish reviews I've read on this site, but it was clean and things worked. I was charged 700 rupees for a &quot;complimentary&quot; pickup from the airport, but I must blame myself as I had forgotten that the pickup was supposed to be free. The location is awful, but perhaps the rest of Delhi is like that (we only went from the airport to the hotel and back). There was also some problem with the online reservation payment gateway and if I hadn't checked the total would have paid about twice what I was supposed to. I don't know quite how to rate this hotel as I haven't seen others in Delhi, but I certainly don't think the hotel deserves the praise some reviewers have cast on it.	
Apr 12 2008	Good for occasional night's stay	We spent 4 nights, in 2 stays, during March, in different rooms. The rooms are small, with little storage space, but clean, the bed firm but adequate. The air con worked but was noisy, the fridge didn't work. The bathroom is a 'wet room' so take your thongs/flip-flops, but there was hot water. The staff were friendly &amp; helpful. Unless they already know where it is, taxis won't be able to find it - it's buried in the 'motor-cycle repair' section of the bazaar. But they will be able to find the gurdwara: the hotel is very close - if the gurdwara is on your LHS, turn R for 1 block, &amp; vise versa. Alternatively, arrange for the hotel to send a car to meet you at the station or airport. The dining room on the top floor is not very attractive, although an Indian family had a birthday party there - good sign. Be careful of the food - my wife had a dose of salmonella 2 days after we left &amp; is convinced it was from a re-heated veg biryani she had there. In summary, it's OK for an occasional night's stay, if you're prepared to live out of your suitcase, &amp; it's inexpensive. For some reason they wouldn't take a CR card for payment but insisted on cash.	
Apr 7 2008 	Great hotel great family	I had an excellent stay at Hotel Sri Nanak. I was in India for one month doing volunteer work and stayed at the hotel the entire time. The family that owns the hotel was very helpful and even gave us a deal because we stayed for such a long time. Anything we needed, they tried their best to get. The power went off about once a day, but luckily, the hotel had a generator that kicked on and kept the air conditioning and lights running. All the staff was very friendly and helped us out with what we needed in terms of directions. Really, this is a comfortable, friendly, Indian run place. They do what they can to make their guests happy and comfortable.	
Apr 1 2008 	overpriced for location	My partner and I arrived early in the morning. We had given them details of our flight by email couple of days before but nobody picked us up. Wasn't such a big deal as the pre-paid taxi was handy at the airport.When we arrived, they didn't have any room for us and we believed it might have been some communication problem. We were totally exhausted, so we took their suggestion of staying in their staff's room for a few hours until one of their guests checked out later that morning. Reception guy was very polite, helpful and friendly.Anyway, we believe that for the location and the quality of the suite we stayed, it was overpriced. We stayed our next nights at another hotel in Paharganj, half their price and a little higher quality!I would recommend travellers to stay in Paharganj area, which is very close to metro station, much cheaper and more interesting!	
Mar 31 2008	Very Average Beware of Noise	Picked this hotel based on tripadvisor reviews. To sum it up, we got what we paid for. The restaurant on top had very average food. The hotel rooms were very average. After reading the reviews, I expected the hotel to be noisy. and it was VERY noisy. I must have woken up 3 or 4 times in the night/early morning. The noise from the street is just insane. Its almost as if there is no glass. As for the staff, they were very helpful and courteous. As for the location, I would not recommend any single women travellers to stay in this hotel. The area isn't bad, but it sure as heck ain't safe. As the manager said, this is the oldest part of New Delhi.In the end, if you want average, this is it.	
Feb 19 2008 	Hard to find a good hotel in New Delhi	We booked three rooms and stayed six nights while we were attending a conference in January 2008. Prior to leaving I asked five of the hotels I had previously stayed at (Ashok, Taj Mahal, Oberoi, Meriden, and Claridges) to quote a price for four rooms for six nights, including all taxes, I do not know if it was the time of year but all came back with quotes in excess of $10,000 and one was not sure they could fit us in! If you are looking at the Hotel Sri Nanak Continental you are probably having the same problem, finding a good clean hotel in New Delhi. I use Google Earth and the Hotel Sri Nanak was shown as located in New Delhi close to our meeting at the Dr. Kothari conference center. I sent an email to the hotel to book the rooms and stated that it was selected based on its location. I am a regular visitor to India and know my way around New Delhi although I had not been there in over 10 years. The Hotel Sri Nanak Continental is not in New Delhi but in Old Delhi and its ranking of 22 of 215 hotels in New Delhi is more a reflection of the sever lack of good hotels. As one of our first time visitors to India put it “a one star hotel on the fringe of the ghetto” he had never seen an Indian ghetto so he is probably overly harsh.The location “mistake” was not a mistake but I am glad to report that it has now been corrected. India is known for its entrepreneurship and rather than take offense on what appears to be borderline dishonesty it is better to take in your stride and get the problem fixed. The hotel did pick us up at the airport in a good car, the hotel is in a dirty part of town but I believe it to be safe. The trip they arranged for Agra went well and the hotel taxi driver was made to cough up what he overcharged due to lack of change! Finally the grey towels were eventually replaced by clean white towels. One of our party had money stolen from stored luggage despite the “security” but it is not a good idea to leave money in luggage anywhere in the world.All in all probably somewhat overpriced for the location and condition of the rooms but you may want to consider negotiating and on the up side, despite its basic appearance the restaurant is great.My advice to the owners: Keep your laundry clean and fix up the roof area so guests have somewhere to sit. My advice to guests – welcome to India, keep your cash safe and go with the flow.	
Feb 13 2008 	Great Presidential room	The presidential suite is amazing! great service and accommodation!	
Feb 10 2008	Friendly 	I booked this hotel through internet. We were there for our first business trip. Upon arrival, I was surprised that the check in was still traditional way of recording but with security camera in place. The food is fantastic and the staff is always smiling. The room is clean too. What is important is I have free broadband internet. It's a nice place to rest at the heart of busy shop houses.Alvin, Singapore	
Feb 7 2008 	I didnt like it	After extensive research on the web, Sri Nanak seemed to be the best bet, but I was really disappointed. My biggest problem was that the rooms were really dusty, I was constantly sneezing and wiping my nose. My 2nd gripe was that the bathroom was a disaster. I cant understand why they dont use a separator between the shower and toilet. So the end effect is that after a shower the entire bathroom is wet !. Its a pity... this could be a really decent place if only they took the time to clean it !On the plus side the staff were helpful, although did raise your suspicions sometime. However overall they did help me with train ticket bookings and taxi service. Another plus is that they pick you up from the airport, which is a real help since you will inevitably get ripped off by a local taxi driver. As for location, its a bit run-down, but then thats India for you. Another plus is that its close to the Delhi Metro (which is excellent), and there are some shopping arcades in walking distance.	
Jan 26 2008 	Great place to begin and end your journey to India	We traveled to India as a family of six, with four under the age of eighteen. We flew into Delhi and Sri Nanak Hotel was waiting for us - even though our flight was delayed more than two hours in the middle of the night. What service! The hotel staff was friendly, supportive and helped us acclimate from the USA to India. Mr. Sandeep and Mr. Karan were particularly helpful. They made sure all of our needs were addressed. They arranged for transportation to the Taj, to our friend's house in Delhi, and to the airports as we traveled. We came back to this hotel after more than two weeks in country. We stayed in several hotels, and this had the best service, good food, clean accomodations and excellent management and staff. When we come to India in the future this will be our first and last stop. I give Sri Nanak my highest recommendation - a value for the money, and a welcome respite from the busyness of Delhi. Hats off to Mr. Sandeep and Mr. Karan!	
Jan 13 2008 	This is Not a Luxury Hotel It's similar to a Motel 8 in the US	I picked this hotel based on the reviews and the price, but of all of the hotels I stayed at during my month long India trip, I thought this one was the one that I like least. I stayed in the best room they had and did not think that it was worth the price I paid. I'll update my review with pictures when I can get the pics uploaded. The bed was not comfortable and though the linens looked clean. The bathroom was an average hotel in India bathroom (no bathtub, shower with a bucket and a sink and toilet). The location of the hotel was not good. There was constant noise from the street: cats fighting, dogs fighting, cars honking, engines roaring...the pics I have of the street show how unideal the location really is... If the hotel was priced for the best room at $50 USD/per night, I think it would be a fair price. This hotel should definitely not be charging over $100. On a positive note, the staff seemed helpful and the elevator works. Unfortunately, since I didn't stay in other Delhi hotels, I can't recommend others. I did stay in many hotels on the Golden Triangle Route and can recommend those for the review in the those areas.	
Dec 22 2007 	Terrible stay away	Ever wonder why this seems to be one of the few places that seems to have plenty of rooms on short notice? It's because they will take your reservation and then move you on to a different hotel of their choice, even if you personally emailed with them to confirm a reservation made via a website.I arrived here after a long haul flight, quite late in the evening only to discover they had moved me to a different hotel. The room there was fine, even though the bathroom was dirty and there was no hot water. Moreover it was located in the middle of the motorcycle repair district of a market. I probably do not need to elaborate on the amount of noise large numbers of bikes make in the morning...I very much recommend AGAINST booking a room at this hotel. You won't end up there anyway, and will just have to go through a lot of hasle to get your original booking fee refunded. (evidently, I ended up paying the other hotel)	
Dec 21 2007 	Noisy busy surroundings	Hotel kindly arranged a pick up from the Airport, got in at approx 0130 am. The hotel is located in a very busy market place and I wouldn't recommend this to anyone wanting a gentle introduction to Delhi following a long plane journey. Hotel was clean, but the location spoilt the experience. It's the only place where I had to get out of my Tuk Tuk and walk back to the hotel due to gridlocked traffic. Anyone who doesn't like barking dogs or call to prayer early morning should avoid.Staff were indifferent, the only place where no-one wanted to discuss the India-Pakistan cricket game underway.Best avoided unless you can't get anywhere else or are particularly interested in import export from the surrounding commerce...	
Dec 17 2007 	Good enough	It took me a long time to decide upon Hotel Sri Nanak Continental as my destination upon arrival in New Delhi. As some other reviewers have noted, there seems to be a dearth of true mid-range lodging in Delhi. In many cases it is necessary to spend a small fortune to get what might be considered a moderate hotel in other places. I made my reservation at the Sri Nanak Continental and upgraded (paid, not complimentary) to a suite. My first experience was with the airport pickup. I walked through the arrivals area and saw many drivers with signs, but I didn't see my name on any of them. Since my flight had arrived about 20 minutes early (!) I decided to wait a few minutes before getting worried. I waited a little over an hour before calling the hotel. It turned out that the driver was waiting for me outside instead of inside the arrivals hall. It was fine that he was there, but it would have been nice to know ahead of time that he would be outside and not inside. Once we met up, though, all went well getting to the hotel. Check-in went quite smoothly. I was able to grab a quick bite to eat in the restaurant. That was the only meal I had there - it was adequate....not great, not bad. The restaurant itself is a little on the dismal side....no windows and rather dark. My room was nice enough - it was certainly clean. It seemed to take a long time for the water to get hot. The bed was comfortable and there was a good selection of stations on the flatscreen TV. I didn't see what a standard room looked like, but the suite had a small sitting area adjacent to the bed. It was like a standard room in a US chain such as a Comfort Inn - not a separate sitting room. The staff was courteous enough with the exception of a bellman who attempted to become a little too familiar with me (a solo woman) and then made some insulting remarks. The neighborhood is very congested and noisy, but the metro is at a convenient distance - maybe 10 minutes walking.	
Dec 12 2007 	Overcharging Delhi Hotel	We have just returned from a 10 day stay in India. Unfortunately had to stay at the Sri nanak Continental in Delhi.Firstly the free Airport pick up came, late, with 1 car for 7 pasengers plus luggage. Had to wait almost an hour while they sorted out a Taxi.I had booked the most expensive 3 rooms they had. A large room was shown to us , which was not clean or tidy. they then showed us other rooms and we chose a much smaller room, which was just about bearable, Didnt realise that the bed was so hard as if there was no mattress, The pillows stank, the bedsheet was dirty, so had to have the sheets and pillow covers changed and the room cleaned. The dirty dusty windows of the room did not shut properly so spent 2 sleepless noisy nights.Do not ask them to get a Taxi as theirs is about 5 times as expensive, there is a taxi rank around the corner, about 3 minutes walk with cheap taxis.I saw 2 people check out, first one complaining about overcharging, second one about extra charges for Mini Bar. When I checked out they charged me for the large room although I stayed at the cheapest room, after complaing the manager cancelled a £4 food bill but not the £20 extra for the room. Then charged me for 3 nights, as a mistake, but refunded the 3rd night.The staff were helpful at all times, The restaurant is actually a cafe and the food was good. There is also free internet at all times and location is good for shopping.I would not stay again or recommend this hotel	
Dec 10 2007 	Clean Enough Erratic Service Noisy Neighborhood	We searched a great deal online to find this hotel in Delhi. Dismayed by the high prices and very negative reviews of many low-middle range hotels, we were attracted by this hotel's excellent web site, fairly reasonable prices, and offers of amenities. We also liked that they offered a courtesy pick-up from the airport, especially given the location of the airport. Unfortunately, although we had sent emails and called the hotel to book a reservation (pre-paying online, as they require) clearly requesting airport pick-up and listing flight number and exact times, no one was waiting to pick us up when we arrived at the Delhi airport. We called only to find out that they had forgotten to send someone (even though we were reportedly on the pick-up schedule). They didn't admit this at first, though- saying that the driver was &quot;on the way&quot; and &quot;stuck in traffic,&quot; and would be there in twenty minutes or so. They suggested we wait by the cafe stall outside the airport, and we were only to happy to do so. We had a coffee and tasty snack... Twenty minutes passed... thirty minutes passed... My husband kept calling to see what had happened to the driver, only to be told repeatedly how close they were. We didn’t want to make a nuisance of ourselves but were concerned that we might be in the wrong place or the driver might have overlooked us somehow, especially when we were initially told it would be much less time. We waited an hour and had just about given up when finally our &quot;person&quot; arrived with a name placard. He apologized profusely and was very polite, cheerful, and communicative, which we appreciated. After a long drive (due to the heavy Delhi traffic), we finally arrived at the rather sketchy area where the Hotel Sri Nanak is located- and were greeted with apologies. In this situation I think a concrete gesture such as a complimentary fruit plate or room upgrade (if they wanted to be extravagant) to make amends would have been a nice gesture, but no conciliatory gestures were made. Hotel elevator is claustrophobic with screen gate- I preferred the stairs. Nice attention paid to decorating the hallway with a pleasant statue (possibly Ganesh) and flowers. Our room (306- I think) was adequately clean, and although the furnishings and décor was a bit dated, it was fairly represented on the web site. The “headstand” of the bed looks more dreary in person than it does in photos. There was a nice flat screen tv with the usual lineup of Indian channels, news, and two movie channels. We were on the third floor overlooking a dismal alley and there was a fair amount of noise that came in the air vents. Traffic noise was heavy, and the alley also was busy with the activity of people centered on a street bonfire as well as packs of wild dogs that woke us up howling in the middle of the night. Ear plugs are a must. Not the hotel’s fault, but something to keep in mind if you are a light sleeper. The bathroom is quite cramped, and the water takes a while to heat up, but it does heat up eventually. Another thing I found strange was although there was toilet paper, the toilet paper bin was kept in the main bedroom- making it almost impossible to do anything but flush your paper. The soap provided by the hotel was quite harsh. The bedding was clean, and the floor was clean enough for bare feet, which was nice. By the time we got to our room we only had 30 minutes before the room service menu closed, so we made a quick order of veg. indian dishes. The food was ok, if not spectacular. We never had the opportunity to try the breakfast as our flights left too early in the morning. (Unfortunate, because a small snack and coffee would have really helped us get through our travels). The next morning as we were checking out, we told the management we’d had specific items from the room bar (water, chips). They tried to charge us for a coffee we hadn’t had (the bar was stocked with 1, not 2 coffees when we checked in, but we didn’t know it was normally stocked with 2 coffee until our visit a night later), and finally backed down when we insisted we had not had it- an inconsequential matter, but made us feel rather unpleasant. We stayed at the same hotel after our trip to Agra and this time were put in a more dreary room without a mini bar- we didn’t especially care about the mini bar issue, but the room smelled like garbage (rm. 204) so we requested to be transferred to our previous room and were accommodated. As we got settled in, we were interrupted by the staff several times- returning passports, presenting us with a wet bar inventory which we confirmed and initialed (a good idea but felt somewhat insulting- as if they still thought we’d stolen a can of coffee!), among other things. We visited the upstairs “restaurant” and found it to be a dark, windowless room, decently decorated, with what seemed to be a computer with internet access (being used by two other guests). We might have stayed and eaten there, but the restaurant host was so cool to us that we didn’t feel comfortable and went back to our room to order the same food via. room service. We had also been unclear that while airport pickup service is complimentary (in theory, if you don’t mind waiting for them), airport return service is not, and in fact costs an additional 500 rs. to the domestic terminal and a whopping 750 rs. to the international airport. Our early morning driver to the airport did not speak to us- not a huge deal but again, not something that left us with warm feelings about our overall experience. Also note, you will be expected to pay the tax for your bill and cab fare to the hotel lobby in cash, which meant we ended up at the Delhi airport with 35 rs. to our name. (The one ATM at domestic was out of order, and no food stations in the airport accept credit cards so we went without breakfast). I think that the hotel situation in Delhi is generally quite dismal unless you can afford to pay for a very high end hotel (there seems to be a huge jump between low, middle, to very very high end with prices to match) and this room wasn’t bad- but maybe because we were checking in fairly late at night and checking out early in the morning- our experience with staff and the hotel left us feeling rather down. A few staff members were unusually cheerful- notably the guy who accompanied the driver to pick us up, and someone in charge of finances who solved a charging problem before we even asked him to- but otherwise, our experience was tiring and we did not feel terribly welcomed. A decent deal if you are looking for a true mid-range hotel and don’t care about being picked up from the airport in time. It is also possible that our experience was unusual, so you might check other reviews to see if they were met at the airport in a timely fashion. I am sure you could do far worse in Delhi. Our issues were not with the building or facilities as much as issues with logistics/atmosphere and that is easily overlooked, especially if you’re not overtired from travel. You might consider if you are spending one day in Agra, to stay somewhere relatively inexpensive in Delhi a night, then go to a quite nice hotel in Agra, and then stay one more night in Delhi at your bargain hotel- the nicer hotel we stayed in at Agra (Hilton) was money very well spent. Note: the only guests I saw happened to be other foreign guests, which may influence the atmosphere/mood of the place.	
Nov 30 2007 	basic accomodation good service	The hotel is decent, if you've been to Delhi you know how hard can it be to find a decent midrange hotel. The location is very chaotic and there is a is a large Sikh temple that starts chanting at about 5 am and this can wake you up (but I found it quite entertaining) so I recommend staying in Connaught Place area if you can afford it.The rooms are clean but old although some are updated, the breakfast is average compared with other hotels in India. On the positive side, this hotel offers like any other, the service of a driver, we decided to hire a driver to take us to Jaipur to avoid the crowed trains and it was the best idea. They gave us an excellent driver, very friendly and experienced in a great SUV. After we arrived to Jaipur we negotiated with the hotel and decided to keep him for the rest of our stay in India. It was fantastic, for that part along, I recommend this hotel.	
Nov 26 2007	Basic accomodation in frenetic Karol Bagh area	With all of the poorly reviewed properties in Delhi (even the very expensive ones!), we chose Hotel Sri Nanak based on the photos on their website and the fact that they offer suites (with 4 beds) suitable for our 6 person family. In terms of the room itself (we stayed in their $120/night Presidential Suite) was spacious and of a basic 3-star level. Despite the name, it was certainly nothing fancy, furnishings were not particularly new nor did the room seem that clean. The staff was friendly and eager to help out. I'd call this hotel simply &quot;basic accomodations&quot; and not a great value all-together (even for the $65 standard rooms).The big negative for most people will be the location. Karol Bagh is India in all of its noisy, smelly, crowded, and frenetic glory. If you want to stay in the midst of a busy market area, then perhaps this is a positive, but it was nerve-wracking for us to take our kids anywhere on the street (to catch a cab etc). Also, note that there is a large Sikh temple 1 block away that starts chanting at about 5 am and this can wake you up. For most travelers (especially for your first time to India), pay the extra $ to stay in Connaught Place.	
Nov 24 2007 	Clean and Comfortable with Nice staff and Organized great trips	BOTTOM LINE: A nice clean and comfortable hotel that had nice staff and a great reservations department who arranged a good and affordable trip for usPROS: Nice amenities; conscientious staff (eg. allowed us to use a room free of charge to change in before we left for airport); reservations department arranged excellent and affordable private vehicle for Golden Triangle trip; free WiFi and internet access w/ computerCONS: A little out of the way (in Karol Bagh) - worth keeping the hotel's card for directions for autorickshaw drivers; average restaurantEXCEPTIONAL ITEMS: We booked a trip through the hotel which was affordable and enjoyable. They booked 2 nights in Agra and Jaipur and provided a driver who was very courteous and provided local guides (as needed) in each stop.	
Nov 1 2007 	Excellent IF you know how bad can other places be	After reading all the bad reviews here, I've decided NOT to stay in this hotel. Interestingly enough, while it was a mistake, it was worth while. Instead, I've stayed at a terrible place called Hotel Classic in Channa Market for 2 nights, before getting a room at Sri Nanak. (For those interested in the Classic story, look it up - my review is there).Had I come to Sri Nanak in the first place, I would probably have had some bad things to say about it, same as the other reviewers. However, sometimes things can be seen only in comparison. You have to experience India, before rushing to conclusions. It's DIFFERENT (India that is).The front desk staff were great. The hotel owner himself, Mr. Nanak was there - an extremely likeable and chatty fellow.The rooms are well decorated, with a flat screen plasma on the wall. You get slippers to wear while in the room. Guess what, that's a nice touch. I've spent 2 days hopping around a different hotel on towels, because I did not want to step on the disgusting floor over there. Here, the floors are clean. The slippers are a nice added touch. The bed is comfortable, albeit too short (I'm 6'2&quot; / 186cm). I've mentioned this to Mr. Nanak the following day - he said that he already had similar complaints, and was thinking about replacing the beds.Yes, there are some bugs in the bathroom. They come through the ventilation grating, where the exhaust fan is. I've mentioned this to Mr. Nanak as well, saying he should put a steel mesh grating over it, on the outside. He liked the idea. My colleague, who I've stayed in the hotel with, thinks that if we were to return there within a year, we'd see the grating in place.The upstairs restaurant is excellent, with it's own chef. A fairly large selection of Indian cuisine. Now, I don't really like Indian food, however I've enjoyed a few interesting dishes. The breakfast is sub par, but it's so cheap, I see no reason to complain.On the second night, we had dinner with Mr. Nanak, who was very entertaining, and offered some refreshing views on business and the future of India, as well as his efforts to improve the hotel.Anyhow, I'm sure a few of you will think this review is shill - I don't really care. Read my other review (about Hotel Classic) and maybe you will understand.As we were checking out, 2 British fellows just arrived. They've asked me how is the hotel. I said - is this your first time in India? They said yes. I said, in this case, I don't think you're going to like it. Everything can be known only through comparison.	
Oct 29 2007	Liked it so much we went back	This is a friendly, clean, modern well run place. Off the beaten track in a relatively quiet corner (this is India!) of Karol Bagh, it's within walking distance of the metro and the Ajmil Kahn Road bazzar. The rooms aren't huge but they are clean and well equiped (A/C, fan, TV, fridge, hot water etc). Free Wi-fi thoughout the hotel would have been useful if we had a laptop! But there is free internet in the restaurant. The food was fine, if a little over priced compared to other places we stayed in India. You can certainly stay in cheaper places (R/- 2126 incl. taxes), but the overall experience had us revisit the two subsequent times we were passing through Delhi. The pick-up from the airport or railway station is recommended, as even if you make it to Karol Bagh, few rickshaw drivers will know where it is. Just remember to take the phone number for the hotel in case the driver is running late (we'd left it behind when we first arrived in Delhi and ended up having to stay somewhere else as there was no internet at the international airport!). That said they were great the two other times we were picked up.	
Oct 24 2007	Excellent service impeccable rooms great prices	I am a Yoga teacher leading tours of India and frequently bring people who are coming to India for their first time to this hotel. We are always so happy to stay at Sri Nanak because the staff are so responsible, always pick-up from the airport and train stations on time, and are very helpful and respectful. The restaurant is healthy and has great food! There is an excellent balcony on the roof with plants to enjoy views of the eagles circling around Delhi. The rooms are excellent, modern appliances and beautiful decor. This hotel has gone out of its' way to provide all comforts and thoughfulness towards its' guests.	
Aug 13 2007 	Lovely Stay	After reading the positive reviews about it we finally decided to go for this hotel . Sri Nanak turned out to be a amazing hotel .Its a very nicely designed hotel We got more than we expected . The staff was polite , helpful . Its is a highly maintained hotel which is worth the price you pay for .The best part was the free Wi-Fi service they provide . The modern TFT T.V. were also good .Besides that the food served at the roof top restaurant was very delicious and of high quality . I would recommend travelers not to go in for cheap options available around as you wont feel safe in other hotels . I felt totally safe staying in hotel nanak . We also went to agra by the hotel cab and our journey was perfect . They organized a perfect travel package for us . Altogether i had a perfect stay in delhi.  My next holiday i will surely stay with hotel nanak only.	
Jul 31 2007 	Put us in a room without a window!	We booked the most expensive room at the Sri Nanak and it had no windows and creaky air conditioning. We got another room which was reasonably clean but had a slightly derelict toilet. On checkout they tried to charge for the expensive room.	
May 9 2007	amazing stay	it is no less than any of the U.K. hotels,and that to at very comparitive prices.have wireless facilties for free.in U.K. u have to pay for them.food is awesome.with nice transport facilties and free breakfast.	
Apr 14 2007 	HIghly rate Hotel Sri Nanak	This was my first visit to India and I was coming there to first attend a professional conference for my University and then, after that to do some sightseeing. So, for the first part of my visit, I was staying in a 5 star hotel in Delhi, but I wanted to move to less expensive, safe, clean hotel for the sightseeing portion of my visit. My goal in doing this was to see and experience more of the &quot;real India&quot;.I used this web site to locate the Sri Nanak hotel. Everyone spoke glowingly about how the staff was so friendly -- and although many compained about the neighborhood, a few others said in essence &quot;what are you complaining about... it's just India.&quot; Well, that as my guidance, I booked a room. I am delighted to report that, for me, it was the perfect decision. I have traveled quite a bit internationally and my main goal was to find a place that was safe and clean -- yet would give me access to roam around the less touristed parts of Delhi and get a taste of everyday life. That's exactly what I found. Yes, the streets are noisy ... for me, that's part of the charm and interest. The people were incredibly friendly in the neighborhood. I needed to have my glasses fixed from an accident a couple of days earlier. The desk staff in the hotel gave me directions and sure enough, the opticians at Pujabi Optical not only fixed my glasses, but had me stay for tea -- and then wouldn't even accept any payment for their services. I was able to visit some intersting shops and a small streetside Hindu shrine -- and, in each location, I experienced great hospitality. The hotel itself is clean, and the rooms certainly provide all the amenities I needed. Yes, the beds are on the hard side, but I like them that way, so for me that was not a problem. The free wireless in the rooms was much appreciated, and the tv, phone, and plumbing all worked fine. One more thing about the complimentary airport service. I had arranged to stay at the Sri Nanak for one day, then travel via airline to another part of India for a few days and then return to Delhi for another day before returning to the US. So, I had arranged for the Sri Nanak to have someone pick me up at the airport. Through a mistake in their scheduling procedure, the cab driver was told that I would arrive at 5:00 pm (when that was actually the time that I was leaving another city in India). When I arrived at 9 pm that night, the driver was still at the airport waiting for me. I was blown away by that level of conscientiousness. Needless to say, I was happy to give the driver a large tip.My goals and desires may not match those of other travelers, but for me the hotel Sri Nanak was the perfect location. If I am ever back in Delhi (which I hope to be), I definitely plan to make the Sri Nanak my home base.	
Apr 11 2007	Dirty loud hotel - completely overrated	This hotel left everything to be desired. The noise inside and out made it impossible to sleep - as did the hair from the previous guest left on the sheets. The staff was unfriendly and not helpful. I would strongly advise against staying in this hotel.	
Apr 6 2007 	moved after 1 night	very isolated - long walk to train station. taxi/rickshaws tell you they know where it is but don't. filthy street even by delhis standards. grim breakfast. redeeming feature - flashy showers - if they worked properly!	
Apr 1 2007 	Overpromised and greatly underdelivered	Overpromised and greatly underdelivered My husband and I have stayed at many hotels worldwide and this is most definitely the WORST hotel that we have come across, despite the fact that we only stayed for 3 nights. We had read several positive reviews before booking our stay at Sri Nanak but on arrival we were thoroughly disappointed. My husband and I arrived at 10pm from Bangalore. On arrival we were greeted by a young man at reception with &quot;Oh...so you are Mr Quayum?&quot;. I may have an Indian surname with an English accent but this hardly conveys confidence for a hotel meant for international tourists. Our stay as listed: 1. The bed covers were dirty, complimentary with long black hairs and small dead flies in the folds. We had to request for 'clean' sheets. 2. The air conditioning (a large machine) was noisy and positioned directly by the bed at arm's length. 3. The hotel's website states 'running hot and cold water' - hot water was only available on running the hot tap for over 20 minutes, when we informed reception that there was no hot water, we were told to keep running it until it became hot! 4. The bathroom fan exploded (yes...sparks and smoke and then black out!) I called reception, somebody came up and told me that they would have an electrician see to it the next day - this did not happen...surprisingly. 5. At 4am we were woken up by someone banging on our door (the doors were flimsy and the staff kept trying to open the door from the outside at other times)! There were no door signs to state 'Do not disturb' or 'Please clean my room'. 6. These rooms are not sound proofed - we could hear guests chatting loudly and their children running up and down the corridor outside our room at 6am. 7. The wardrobe door was broken, dirty and had a strong odour so we decided against keeping anything in there. 8. There was a safe in the wardrobe however it was not bolted down or attached to anything - so anyone could walk off with it! All in all a miserable stay that we had to make do with as there was no time to search for other hotels during our 3 night stay in Delhi. Think very carefully before staying here...you have been warned!	
Mar 31 2007 	barely expensive	It is not a bad hotel if you compare it to other Karol Bagh hotels, but unfortunatelly it costs 10 times what another similar kind of hotel will cost you in new Delhi.	
Mar 26 2007 	Great Hotel	Was very apprehensive about booking a hotel in Karol Bagh as I was travelling with a girly party (my 23 month daughter, mum, mother in law and sister.) However this hotel was fab - we booked the presidential suite which was ideal for a family as we had two separate rooms within one room and allowed privacy and peace for my daughter to sleep.The hotel location is fantastic with the Gurudwara, McDonalds and Pizza Hut, ATM and the great shops all in walking distance.The hotel restaurant is OK, food is nice and room service is handy too but you can order takeaway to your room which is an added bonus.The water is a bit temperamental but you only have to leave it running for 5mins and it’s hot - not a problem.The hotel is very clean and well kept.Staff are good and manager very nice.If staying in Karol Bagh - go here	
Mar 21 2007 	Sri Nanak -great if you can get a cab to find it !!	Having read various reviews of Sri Nanak, we-a party of 4-booked directly for 5 nights, and requested the presidential suite.We were generally pleased with the room-more likely to impress a president from a small nation than &quot; ol' W&quot; of the US Survey- but there were various things that could have been cleaner-the bath took for ever to run away, but as a mid range hotel it served its purpose well. The room was large and has a fridge and table and chairs as well as a sofa and a chaise long......A real bonus is the roof top restaurant-serving breakfast lunch and evening meals. It's good value and the food is generally very tasty. Nice to sit in at night and sup a beer or two-providing they don't run out !One other point to bear in mind is that Sri Nanak is a way out from the centre of Delhi-Karol Bagh is a area of town that not a lot of cab drivers from Connaught Place seem to know very well- one night whilst coming back the driver got lost and was asking a local for the hotel -showing him a card with the address on: The man disclaimed any knowledge of the hotel or road: At that point we realised that we were actually no more than a hundred yards from it and actually in the right street !!All in all a good bet if your not too fussy.	
Mar 17 2007	Expensive for what you get	I booked this hotel based on online reviews. I knew that it was basic and several reviews indicated good service. On arrival it was clear that the rooms were very basic but clean. Staff were pleasant. Internet use was good and free. Rooftop restaurant was extremely average. The location was on a very nosiy busy street in a very run down area of Delhi. Most guests are locals. My airport pickup was OK and free but airport drop off has to be paid for. The cost for a basic room was US$40 and a suite (a glorified basic room) was US$81. The term &quot;suite&quot; should be interpreted with caution. All in all basic accomodation with no frills should really be cheaper.	
Mar 11 2007 	Nice by India standard	Nice enough place. Nothing great on the outside, but rooms were more western then most. I would reccomend it over many other hotels.	
Mar 1 2007 	Think twice before staying here	We decided to stay at the Sri Nanak last month after reading all the positive reviews, however we were quite disappointed.The rooms themselves were ok, reasonably clean, however the bathroom was well below standard and the door was rotten. No hot water in the afternoons either.The front desk appeared helpful, but on a number of occasions tried to over charge us for taxis, cars etc. They also misled us regarding the excursions to places like Agra.I can see how some visitors have found the staff to be overly helpful, but a more seasoned traveller will be more savvy and realise when they're trying to take you for a ride!The most negative thing was that when we left the hotel and arrived in Mumbai we realised that some clothing had been stolen from our suitcase. So if you stay at the Sri Nanak make sure you always leave your suitcases locked even if there's nothing valuable inside!We travelled around India for some time and the Sri Nanak is far below the 3* stars it claims in comparison to the other hotels we stayed at.Finally, if you do choose to stay here (which I wouldn't do again), then book directly with the hotel as the rate is MUCH lower than offered by third-party booking websites.	
Feb 23 2007 	Give it a miss	We planned to stay at this hotel for three nights, however checked out after the first night. The hotel was very noisy, the bed sheets reeked of some petroleum products, the phone did not work, the shower did not have a curtain and the flow projected straight over the toilet and the roof top breakfast area had filthy tablecloths. When we said we were not staying, they advised us that we had to pay for 3 nights as we had not given 24 hours notice of cancellation of our other 2 nights. We replied that this was not possible as we did not know that the hotel would be so bad. We were extremely lucky in that as we were discussing this a colleague of my husbands happended to walk into reception, a total coincidence as we did not even know they were in Delhi, and they had just checked out for the same reasons, which gave credibility to our complaints. We left paying for the night we stayed. I do not recommend this hotel.	
Feb 21 2007 	Avoid This Hotel . Its over-rated	Having read the good reviews on tripadvisor and some other websites i decided to book this hotel. I was dissapointed when i got there. First of all they gave us a room that was not in good condition at all and faced the main road which was noisy. When i complained they then gave us an alternative. If i had not complained they would have left us there . The rooms are not in good condition, the duvets and blankets are not clean. The hotel had promised us a welcoming fruit basket which we did not receive. The location of the hotel is not good. The roads are dirty , busy , noisy and polluted. Having travelled around in delhi, there are other nicer and claner places to stay. On one day our room was not cleaned, we were told that as we had taken the key they did not clean it even though all hotels have master keys. The dining area is located on the rooftop which was nice in the mornings. When we booked taxis from the hotel, we later discovered that the hotel was charging a commision for the service. Also , the hotel gave us a poor exchange rate commision when we exchanged currencies. Ignore the good reviews you see for this hotel, as non of them are true. I am suspicious as to the source of these. Avoid at any cost. You are better paying a bit more and getting something alot better. I will not be staying here again and nor will i recommend this to anyone.	
Feb 16 2007	Not for everyone	The hotel did send a driver to pick us up from Delhi airport which was a god send and all the staff were very polite and helpful. I am surprised that no-one seems to have mentioned how hard the beds were though. I asked for extra blankets to put under me as it was like sleeping on a rock! I think it might be a suitable hotel for backpackers or seasoned travellers but not for first time visitors to India as Delhi is a bit of a shock in itself. The hotel is not in a great area and we were woken up the first morning at 5am by a parade going by that we actually thought was a riot! and the second morning at 4.30 by someone with REALLY LOUD speakers in the middle of the road. Very bizarre. The hotel is also quite noisy - but so is India! Overall we had a great holiday but even though the staff and restaurant were very good I would recommend spending a bit more and staying in a good hotel in Delhi in a central area. Of all the areas we toured, Delhi is the probably the biggest shock, and a good hotel is a must.	
Feb 12 2007	A good hotel when travelling with children ..esp the presidential suite	We stayed at this hotel after reading the reviews on tripadvisor and overall I would say it was good place to stay.We were picked up from the airport which we were grateful for. We were travelling with children and stayed in the Maharaja suite which was quite good. We had a problem with the TV , they fixed it promptly. The staff were polite and happy and the manager Sandeep was friendly and takes a lot pf pride in his hotel.The taxi to the station in the early morning was a nightmare and so was the pick up the following week-end. I don't rate their taxi service. There was a mix up with our rooms the following week-end , we had pre booked and confirmed for the following week-end but we were offered an &quot;alternative &quot; maharaja suite which did not have the bunk beds for the kids. After a bit of protest and disatisfaction we were offered the presidential suite (at the same price) - which is very good. It can sleep up to 6. I would say not all the staff are conscientious as the manager.We had breakfast in our room and also ate once upstairs in the roof top hotel. The food is reasonable and I would eat again.The back of the hotel is not noisy.Karol Bagh is not one of the best area but there is a metro station nearby and a gurud wara , from where we heard lovely melodic hyms once.The rooms are what you see on their web sites. I would suggest you look at the room first before accepting it.	
Feb 11 2007	fantastic management	average 3 start hotel situated in a busy commerical area. not your above average hotel (this will cost you an arm and leg in Delhi) but staff and management go out of their way to make your stay stress free and relaxing as possible!my daughter got sick one nite and i foned reception at 2 am...they got a taxi for me and manager himself came with us to hospital...a fantastic gesture i thought!!!!internet, massage chair, newspapers, airport pick up and drop off, one whole day sighseeeing tour, half day shopping tour and fruit bowel were all given free of charge together with 5 key ring holders!For the price definitely woth the value!	
Jan 28 2007 	Think carefully before going here	This hotel was not what I expected from the reviews. Our family of four had two rooms booked for the nights of 8, 9, 10 January. We were met at the airport and transported by two cars (we had been promised one large car). Karol Bagh is not the best area to stay in but the hotel staff were courteous. However, the rooms did not live up to expectation. Our girls room had the most terrible smell in the room and on all the bed linen, and they had to lay some of their clothes on the pillow so as not to breathe in the fumes. We did ask for a change, but the alternative was no better. Our room had no fridge, the jug didn't work and the shower water just fell all over the floor of the bathroom. No beds had been swept under for some time! Decided there and then to telephone somewhere else, except the phone didn't work, not then nor in the morning. Neither did it in the girls' room nor the room of some friends we ran into unexpectedly in reception the following morning who were also checking out because of the smell in their room. They had also read the trip advisor reviews and were pretty disillusioned.. My husband also didn't sleep because of the noise. We moved to the Jukaso Inn downtown near Connaught Place which was around the same price and much more satisfactory.	
Jan 21 2007 	Very good hotel	We thought this was a lovely small well run hotel in the Karol Bagh area of Delhi. The staff were fantastic and incredibly helpful. We chose the presidential suite which is ideal for a family as it can easily sleep up to 5 - 6 people with 2 bathrooms. The hotel had some nice touches including free internet access, a daily paper pushed under the door and a fresh bowl of fruit served every day. The restaurant offered a good range of dishes, it got a bit chilly in the evening in January (it's on the roof) so we opted to have meals served in our room. The Karol Bagh area is busy in the day with plenty of shops but it does get quiet enough in the evening and we had no problems sleeping. We tended to use the taxi service from the hotel which was great and reasonably priced - the drivers really took care of us and cut out the hassle. It took about 15 minutes to get to Connaught Circus. All in all a great stay.	
Jan 18 2007	ok	I stayed in this hotel in January. It was clean, inexpensive and the staff were generally helpful. The wireless internet was very useful and there were no problems with the hot water once we got used to the taps. However, this hotel is definitely not a luxury option and the location in Karol Bagh is not great. I agree with the comment that this hotel is a bit like a cheap 1970s US motel, or one of the two-star hotels you find in the Pigalle area of Paris. If I stayed in Delhi again, I would probably stay in a five star hotel, as there is a dearth of high quality mid-range options in that city.	
Jan 17 2007 	Average	The hotel was average, nothing special at all. The area is not the best at night. Our particular room had no windows and the mattress was very thin! The staff at the front desk did really care about anything and were always on the phone. I would try and find something closer. Dont trust the photo's.	
Jan 1 2007 	All over nice	The executive room was clean and quite modern, with a nice bathroom with shower. All in all a nice tourist class hotel giving you great value for your money.The hotel is placed quite sentral in New Dehli, a short ride from the railwaystation. Try to avoid eating in the resturant, as it was nothing special. It looked old, dirty and beeing at the top floor of the hotel you would expect a view,well there is not.The sourrundings of the hotel is not much at night, with the only lights coming from ATMs and jevellers shops. If you need a place just for the night i would recomend Sri Nanak continental. The staff was friendly and serviceminded during the two days stay 20-22 of desember.	
Dec 21 2006	Clean book direct	Clean in general. The hot water seemed to be by request and then you needed to wait 30 minutes. This seemed to be the case in some places across India in mid-range hotels, but we thought they could do a bit more. The breakfast is very basic and not very tasty. We didn't like the area either as you aren't near to anything really. We had to request cleaner towels and toilet paper. It seems hard to find a decent hotel in Delhi. This wasn't bad, but book directly as we booked through expedia and paid over the odds. Staff were friendly enough.	
Dec 18 2006 	Surprisingly good	Obviously, the Sri Nanak is not the Hyatt or the Sheraton. However, once you get over your initial doubts, for instance, about the area the hotel is located in, then it's not a bad hotel at all. In fact, as it turns out, Karol Bagh, the area where the hotel is located offers some of the busiest and most authentic street markets of Delhi. It is a GREAT place for doing shopping, dining, etc. once you get used to the huge amounts of people on the street, the cars, the noise, etc. The hotel itself is simple, but clean, and the staff is quite friendly. They also have on the roof of the hotel a restaurant, which offers a rather unattractive breakfast for westeners, but quite delicious Indian cuisine. Also, Karol Bagh is a very lively area, so there is a fair amount of noise during the day, but at night it quietens down. Then the only thing noticable is the barking of the street dogs...I would definitely go there again, although I can see that the Sri Nanak is not for everyone. A big plus should also be mentioned: they offer free WiFi in all rooms! Very, very handy when you are in India.	
Dec 18 2006 	not bad	for a first time visitor to delhi we found the surrounding location pretty scary.it looked even more run down and destitute than i imagined, its right on the edge of the biggest market in asia and the hussle and bustle was a bit intimidating on the first day.after a day or so we got into it and thought it was pretty cool.if your looking for budget prices then stay away i think we paid over the odds compared with other places we stayed.the hotel itself was clean and tidy, the staff helpful and the food was ok. would i stay again - yes i think i would.	
Dec 8 2006 	Clean safe and excellent value for money	Being a lone female arriving in Delhi at 4am I was very pleased to take advantage of the free hotel transfer. I think I might have been a little stressed otherwise given the things you see at the airport.The staff were excellant and went out of their way to help. The hotel was very clean. The bathroom was fine and certainly better than a lot of places in Delhi at this price, that's for sure. There was a complimentary bottle of water and basket of fruit in my room. The beds were reasonably comfortable but not sprung. I found it a little noisy at times. For instance there was a family on my floor who insisted on having a conversation at 2am in the corridor, and they weren't exactly using hushed tones. One thing I would suggest is that they introduce &quot;Do not disturb&quot; signs that can be posted outside the door so the staff don't keep disturbing you when all you want to do is sleep off your travelling and jet lag.I didn't actually venture out of the hotel as the area doesn't look that enticing but I didn't think is was unsafe either.	
Dec 8 2006 	Not for the faint of heart. Adventurers ony.	If you are looking at this hotel and are used to the good stuff (Sofitels, Hiltons, etc.) you SHOULD STOP NOW. The whole Delhi experience is a jarring one for westerners, and frankly, while going to a hotel like this is safe, it will make the experience that much more trying. If you are looking at it because no other rooms are available in the entire city (which is what happened to me) go ahead and cancel your trip to Delhi, or head on over to Mumbai, which is a city that actually has a good airport, roads, and enough good hotels to hold everyone.I should note though that the staff was VERY friendly.	
Dec 6 2006	Unbeatable value for the budget; friendly 	I am an American, and I've stayed at this hotel twice in the past 30 days, each time for a few nights. Think 1970's Best Western or Days Inn goes masala, and you'll get a sense of decor and premesis condition. I came back to the hotel because the staff really is friendly and gives 5 star worth of helpful service. I did not eat there, so I can't comment on that. Yes the neighborhood is noisy from 7:30 am 'til 9:30pm. But I slept like a rock. Yes the mattress was thin, but that's the style here. Like I said, I slept like a rock. I read the review by someone who was not expecting an Indian-style bathroom (he's in India - what did he expect?). There's a toilet, toilet paper, shower head, but no tub. It was no problem for me; just don't put your toiletries-bag on the floor while you shower. The place is cleanish: some of the hardware is old, but nothing is dusty or moldy, just worn. That goes for the sheets and towels too, but I had no problem with using them. If you have your laundry done, be sure to specifically identify what you don't want ironed! The default is to iron it, what ever the material. A couple of polyester shirts came out shiny from too hot an iron. The second time, I'd learned my lesson, pointed out what not to iron, and there were no problems. When I come back to Delhi, I will defintely stay here because the folks are friendly and the value is unbeatable! One piece of advice, consider either retaining whatever driver you pick up from in front of the hotel or learn how to walk to the hotel from the gurdwara, because taxi drivers can't find this place. I suspect many taxi-walas can't read, so the map on the back of the hotel's business card is useless to drivers, who will drive two blocks, stop, ask for directions, advance two more blocks, repeat. The gurdwara, however, is easy to find.	
Nov 27 2006 	I would stay there again!	We chose this hotel based on the positive reviews, which I pretty much agree with. The place is very clean, not luxury level, but for the price, it's a bargain. The restaurant and staff are outstanding, and the free internet is a bonus. The only down side is that the neighborhood is nothing special. It's not bad, or unsafe, just nothing to interest a tourist. Don't expect a four star resort, just expect a nice clean room and a hard working staff who aims to please. We didn't use the hotel's travel arrangements, but others who did seemed pleased. The hotel did provide free pickup at the airport, which was also a good feature.	
Nov 26 2006 	Good hotel good value...	I got the &quot;presidential suite&quot; for about $100USD during late Nov 2006. Very large room, with 1.5 baths. Other rooms are probably half this cost. Great for our family of four, and it could easily sleep six with its one king, one full and two twin bunkbeds. It was clean, and service was very good. Ordered room service and food was good as well. Free internet. I would easily recommend staying here. Located near Connaught Place. About 40 mins to the airport in Delhi traffic, but it took us exactly 20 minutes at 4:30AM since there was no traffic that early.	
Nov 23 2006 	Good overall hotel	The hotel is located in Karol Bagh which is a very busy and tight area in the centre of Delhi. Although quite noisy, it does quieten down during the night. Karol Bagh is good for shopping and it is easy to grab an Auto (3 wheeled taxi) to Connaught Place.As promised, I was provided with complimentary pickup from the airport which is 30-45 mins away from the hotel. The hotel looks quite small from the outside and reception is also small. The rooms however are fairly spacious and tastefully decorated, spread over 3 floors. The most important thing is that the rooms are all clean and air conditioned. Free internet access is also provided in the hotel's basement.The hotel staff, including its drivers, are all very polite and friendly. Sightseeing tours are available in comfortable air conditioned vehicles.I was delighted with the quality of the food at the hotel's rooftop restaurant. The menu contained an assortment of dishes at very resonable prices, all cooked traditionally. I highly recommend the &quot;Afghani Chicken&quot;!Overall I was happy with my 5 nights stay at the hotel. If you're looking for a good 3 star hotel at a reasonable rate, located in the centre of Delhi, then this hotel is definitely worth considering.	
Nov 15 2006 	can only confirm all comments	I can only confirm all comments. Good choice for people used to stay in similar hotels. Honest experience.Luc, Paris	
Nov 14 2006 	excellent value for money	Tidy and inexpensive hotel with good service, a/c, friendly staff and a rooftop restaurant with good dahl. The neighbourhood can be crazy during market days but metro is near.	
Nov 11 2006 	Best service		
Nov 10 2006 	Great place to stay excellent fresh food!!		
Oct 26 2006	Average/OK hotel for India		
Oct 23 2006 	Good bet for Delhi		
Oct 11 2006	Room OK but noisy and location not great		
Sep 6 2006 	OK but....		
Aug 23 2006 	An excellent choice!		
Aug 5 2006 	good hotel..not a great area		
Jul 9 2006	Great Hotel!! Friendly service		
Sep 28 2009 	sucio sin ventana!!		
Sep 7 2008 	Völlig in Ordnung		
Jun 28 2007 	Hotel correct mais plutot déprimant		
