	Central Business District of New Delhi	Well located in Connaught Place also known as the Central Business District of New Delhi, The Connaught hotel, a First Class, 4 Star First Class hotel in New Delhi, is suitable for the discerning business Traveller as well as the tourists. The hotel is in the vicinity of New Delhi Railway Station and also well connected to the International and Domestic airports.	
Nov 23 2009 	Best not to stay	Tiny rooms, arrogant staff and an average breakfast. Rooms have no character, everything is just moderate.	
Nov 21 2009 	A nice hotel in the middle of everything	After three nights in two star hotels, I was relieved to stay here. It is way above two/three star but definitely not 5 star. However, it felt like a 5 star by comparison! Room was spacious, modern and had all the amenities I could want. Very nicely decorated, fruit basket, cookies, and water bottle daily. Hotel staff very gracious and helpful with all my requests, including a late checkout because I had an 11:30 p.m. flight. They arranged for car/driver for sightseeing at very reasonable rates (INR $800 for the day!) It is set back off the street giving it a classy and safe feel which was important as a single female traveller. I would definitely recommend it. I booked it through an online reservation site, way below rack rate.	
Nov 16 2009 	Average clean hotel	We had a suite, were wecomed with cookies and a fruit basket, and enjoyed the spaciousness. We had numerous breakfasts, lunches and a memorable dinner with traditional Indian music. At the end we had a problem because our checkout time was noon and we didn't get picked up for the airport until 9:00 p.m. We tried to arrange for more time, but a seedly little man with bottle-bottom glasses told us that we would have to pay $220 for the extra time, and when we didn't like that, he tried to negotiate and asked &quot;What would you be willing to pay?&quot; At that point, we decided it was time to get out.	
Jun 12 2009 	Well located !	I stayed for 12 days at this property, right in the heart of New Delhi and had a comfortable stay. It is 300m behind Regal Cinema and iseasily approachable. Hardly one hrs drive from the airport, it is just 5min drive to the New delhi railway station.Connaught Place is full of restaturants and food outlets and most are in the vicinity of this hotel.The rooms are well furnished and the bathroom accessories are of modern touch. The AC is centrally controlled and is quite effective. The hotel has excellent staff who are avaiable on call.The erstaurant food is not great and is okay for a meal or two but not for a stay of 10 - 12 days.Overall, a good experince for a business trip.	
Jun 5 2009 	An average place	An average hotel. Everything is lukewarm about the hotel. From the welcome at the reception to the rooms to the restaurant, there is nothing to rave about. First at the check in, they try to be as classy as possible but one can easily see that its missing. You know they are making an effort but you know its not coming naturally. Then the rooms - the room which I stayed at provided a view of the hockey stadium besides it. It was green but not exactly the green I was looking for. the good part was that there was no disturbance in the view due to the stadium. The size of the room seemed a bit small than other hotel rooms and seemed like as if the bed was touching all the four walls. The bedsheets and towels were clean and the bed was well laid out. Atleast that was one area I could not complain. Room service was good. Though the food served was average. I had visited the restaurant downstairs but again the fare was average. The breakfast served in the morning was continental and the spread was good. So one had some choice. All in all, its much cheaper than a five star and situated in a nice place in delhi as well as it is centrally located. Connaught place is also a nice place to take a stroll in the evening.	
Jun 3 2009 	Economical option in the centre of the city	I visit New Delhi quite often for work. Whenever mhy work needs me to be near the city office. This one of the economical options there.Some parts of the hotel seems to be stuck in the mid 80s. But the staff is very warm and cheerful. They have refurnished some of the rooms, these rooms are pretty nice for the money that is paid. The older part is a bit below the mark.The bathrooms are pretty small and not for the claustophobics. The toiletries provided are not of very high quality, recomend that travellers take their own.Earlier it used to overlook the Shivaji Hockey stadium, which was a good sight to wake up to. But now it is all been demolished for a Metro Station, not sure if one will get as much sunlight once that is constructed. The hotel offers a fruit basket which is very good though. The breakfast is pretty functional though. Their Restaurant where the breakfast buffet is provided could do with some urgent renovation though.Overall stay in this hotel if you have very functional requirements and the expectation is low.	
Jun 3 2009 	Liked the welcome cookies and fruits	Nice and cleanly maintained rooms; breakfast has variety; nice to see welcome cookies and fruits as you check in; however over priced; lower rent would attract more traffic	
Apr 28 2009 	Okay experience	The rooms are well furnished. Some of them offer a great view of the stadia next door. The hotel has good service but late night orders are sometimes delayed beyond reasonable time.Room decor is appreciable though layout could be improved upon.The location of the hotel is quite an advantage and the rack rates are pretty competitive.The front office service could be improved upon sometimes the checking out process can be quite time consuming.Overall a good hotel and staying could be a pretty good experience.	
Apr 24 2009 	An ok hotel for the budget traveller	cant complain much as it is like a typical 3/4 star hotel. Dont expect much from service but is ok when the budget is limited. didnt try the food during my stay.	
Apr 13 2009 	WONDERFUL STAY	The Connaught is a wonderful hotel, conviniently located &amp; suberb staff. I have stayed for 03 nights and enjoyed them all. Room was quite good with excellent view of city. Basket of fruits &amp; biscuits is good gesture by hotel. Eating in tea lounge is very enjoyable, cakes &amp; pastries displayed are fabulous. Tried room service for dinner, food was good. Live breakfast is good to see &amp; encourages you to eat. Bar is quitely located with light music.We also had a joyride on Delhi Metro as station is very near to hotel.Overall enjoyed stay &amp; would again like to come to The Connaught when we visit India in future.	
Apr 1 2009 	Excellent Stay	Hotel is in hub of city but still peaceful and with much wanted greenery. Staff very courteous. Cleanliness very good. No need to spend for going to shops as we can walk to connaught place. Stayed for 02 nights and will try to come again.	
Feb 28 2009 	Very pleasant stay	We were in room no. 404. we had very comfortable stay,breakfast was lavish,staff very cooperative, enjoyed shopping in connaught place as we could reach by foot.	
Feb 8 2009	Don't stay at the Connaught if you can avoid it	Room modern, clean and ok.Desk staff not very helpful.Very expensive (although we didn't pay directly)Foyer furniture very dirty.	
Feb 6 2009 	The Connaught was a pleasant surprise	The Connaught Hotel far exceeded our expectations as we had read too many negative reports on this site. Our airline and agent both recommended this hotel and we are so glad we took their advice. Due to last minute changes of our ETA, a hotel driver was still there to greet us at Delhi airport when we landed at 2.30 am. Reception staff warmly greeted us that morning and ever after as we stayed 7 nights. Twice, the excellent Bowhani Junction restaurant was opened for us for breakfast at 4.30 am to meet early pickups. Each morning and evening saw us dining from an excellent menu, with delightful table service and live Indian music was performed 2 nights per week. The room was clean, adequate and fresh fruit and cookies were replaced each day to accompany the tea making facilities. Fresh flowers decorated our room and glorious gladioli displays in the bright clean lobby area were changed almost daily. The central position in New Delhi makes the hotel easily accessible. Even more so, when the new Metro station next door opens for the Commonwealth Games 2010. We will definitely return to the Connaught to stay next time.	
Nov 24 2008 	Disgraceful	This hotel was the last place we stayed during an 18 day trip in India and Nepal and was booked through Max Holidays India-a customized trip for me and my wife.The entire trip up until our stay here was wonderful but this hotel was a disgrace. There was mold in the bathroom, the bedding was moist from? mildew and the place smelled and was filthy-the room, restaurant, hall carpets, etc. My wife and I have traveled extensively all over the world the last 2 years and this was by far the worst experience. If I could rate it worst than terrible I would. Don't even consider staying here. To &quot;add insult to injury&quot;, they apparently charged $255 for the night's stay-disgraceful.Tom Linkous,Scottsdale,Arizona,USA	
Nov 18 2008 	Lousiest Service Ever	Completely untrained staff. Our list of complaints was much longer, but here are the memorable highlights:(1) They wake you up at 7 AM to ask you if you'd like to use the laundry service(2) They dis-regard the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on your door (3) The housekeeping staff can wake the dead with their ruckus while they clean other rooms around yours. Doesn't help that the walls and doors are paper-thin. (4) All in all, God help you if you're trying to sleep in.(5) The breakfast is terrible and the waiters are sullen and can't be bothered to bring you anything.I've had better service in rat traps in Paris.	
Aug 11 2008	Rats	We have just returned home from what was a fantastic tour of Amritsar,Daramshala and Shimla - only to have the whole experience spoiled by our Connaught experience. When we went to bed we could hear a scrabbling noise coming from behind the fridge in our room. Maintenance were called and they had a look and said there were two rats there and they would put a &quot;gum board&quot; down and that would get rid of them! An hour later we called again and another man arrived and repeated the &quot;gum board&quot; treatment - it did work after another hour of us laying listening to the gnawing sound of these rats.At 3 a.m. it stopped and we could sleep - uneasily - before our long day and flight back to UK - never again will we stay there and this was on the 5th floor.We complained to the manager the next day and he offered to extend our stay in the room so we could catch up on some sleep!	
Jul 23 2008 	Avoid...	I don't know how some people can rate this property as reasonable...I wonder how many hotels they have experienced... This hotel is lousy. I stayed here in September last year and I still have vivid memories of how bad this was. The rooms are tiny, dark, dingy, smelly and way overpriced. There was nothing positive about this hotel...except the location. Suprisingly though there was a worse hotel to come during our trip (Mohan International in Amritsar...)As I was on a business trip with collegues we had to return to this hotel for a night after a visit to Agra &amp; Jaipur and this time we received a refurbished room which was only marginally better...For anyone contemplating this hotel - avoid. I am sure there are far better standard class hotels in Delhi than this...	
Apr 20 2008 	Wouldn't recommend this hotel	We stayed at this hotel as part of the Golden Triangle tour, I was a bit hesitant after reading so many negative reports on tripadvisor, but our tour operator changed our booking to this hotel at the last minute, stating the other hotel was too far out of central delhi for sightseeing. To be honest i wish he'd never chnged the booking,. the lobby is nice, airy and really inviting, the bedrooms tell a different story, we'd booked a triple room, and it was so small that the double bed took up most of the room, the camp bed they put in after 3 hours of waiting had virtually no chance. The bathroom was dingy and small. Towels and bed linen had seen better days, and i was reluctant to use them. The little &quot;bar Area&quot; in the lobby was ridiculous, it took 50 minutes for the waiter to bring us our order of 3 servings of cheese toast. Breakfast was okayish. I wouldn't stay here again or recommend this hotel to anyone, it was double the price of the hotels we'd had in Jaipur and Agra but they were far far better in terms of quality of service, rooms and facilites....	
Apr 11 2008 	Fine for a short stay	My husband and I stayed at the Connaught for 2 nights in March 2008. We were a little hesitant after reading some of the Trip Advisor reviews, but we thought the hotel was fine, especially as it was our first 2 days in India and we expected much worse!The room was clean, spacious and nicely furnished. The bathroom smelled a little musty but this didn't bother us too much. What did bother us was a phone outside our room which rang early in the morning every 10 minutes or so. I think reception use this to get staff to look over the rooms when guests check out. I appreciate this is necessary but we did find it annoying. We ate in the coffee shop on one of the nights. I stuck to vegetarian food, which was tasty, but my husband's chicken tasted a little off and he was ill later that night. I didn't feel that the hotel amenities were advertised well enough, for instance, we didn't realise there was a bar and restaurant on site. We wouldnt've gone to the coffee shop had we known!The hotel was fine for those wanting a short stay on a budget.	
Mar 30 2008 	Perfectly adequate city hotel	We stayed here for two nights in February. Our room was not that large but perfectly comfortable. Laundry was done in a day and returned without problem. Hotel is a typical city hotel, in a good central position. We ate in the restaurant the first night and it was fine. The second night we treated ourselves to dinner at The Imperial - an amazing luxury hotel a taxi-ride away. Breakfast was fine although the restaurant was very busy. We had a two night/one day stop in Delhi and this hotel was fine. Nothing spectacular but we were satisfied with the room and service.	
Mar 28 2008 	Better than expected	Some of the reviews by previous visitors worried me but our room was fine and more than adequate. The breakfast was fine (included) and the dinner we had there was very good. - They even had a small Indian musical group at dinner. I'd stay there again. Decorations and cleanliness were very good. It being the weddding season (Nov- Mar.) added to the festive atmosphere at the hotel. At least two receptions were held there. This hotel was selected by our tour company, Holidays to Treasure which provided us a very good private tour of Rajastan and the Golden Triangle.	
Mar 12 2008	Not Recommeded	Dull, dingy and rude can best describe our 3 nights at The Connaught. The carpet in our room was very dirty, the towels and bed linens were old and dingy and the staff was rude. Even though we charged 15 minutes of internet use to our room and signed a slip for it, we were called repeatedly by the front desk and told we had a bill at the desk that had to be paid immediately. Others in our group were awakened at 11:00 p.m. at night to sign a slip for something they charged to their room. Pigeons started gathering on our window sill every morning at 4:30 a.m....leaving behind lots of their dirty work so we never opened the drapes. We would not recommend this hotel.	
Feb 14 2008 	Dissapointing	We recently stayed here during the 'cold wave'. The Hotel was freezing, no heating. Our room was really cold, especially the marble floor. The room was also very small, averagely clean but the double glazed window was very murky blocking out the view.Breakfast was the high point. The dining room was warm and the food was good.Service was good also.	
Feb 13 2008 	disappointing	We were disappointed with this hotel. Our room was musty, the carpet was dirty, the linen was a shade of grey and not white. The air conditioning was noisy and we felt like prisoners in our dark room as the only outside window was covered due I think to site works going on outside. I would rather have had the light and looked at the site works!After a word with our travel agent we did manage to get an upgrade which was more satisfactory.The restaurant was dark and dreary and the staff were not up to the standard we had experienced in other hotels we had stayed in. Our son was very ill after eating there on our last night in Delhi so maybe the restaurant needs to look at its hygiene practices. We had only eaten there that day - breakfast and dinner.Front desk was fine and processed our booking efficiently. The door greeters were most pleasant and helpful.However I would be reluctant to recommend this hotel to friends although the location is its saving grace. Really handy to good shops.	
Feb 5 2008 	This Hotel is OK!	I feel I must post a review as the reviews I have read about this hotel paint it as awful! I did not want to stay here &amp; had a running battle with our Indian travel agent, who insisted! We stayed here for 2 nights at the beginning of our 2 1/2 week tour of North India &amp; were delighted when we finally opened the door to our room after our long plane trip to find a recently refurbished clean room with flat screen TV &amp; new airconditioning. Breakfast was great, the staff friendly &amp; overall a very good place to begin our tour. We arrived during Dewali festival &amp; our only complaint was the air quality.	
Jan 3 2008	Great cookies at the Connaught	We were very apprehensive about this hotel after reading the reviews on this site. Although the rooms are quite small, the ensuite bathroom was clean and worked well . The fruit bowl and welcoming cookies were most appreciated as we arrived quite late and had not had a lot to eat plus the bottled water and the kettle for early morning tea or coffee. Our room overlooked the stadium and we found the activities interesting to watch. Our stay fell on a Sunday and it was easy and safe to walk the streets around the hotel.The breakfast buffet was excellent and the fresh omelette bar was quite funky but also produced a type of indian pancake too. We did try to stick to Indian food throughout our stay to minimise tummy troubles ...and were for the most part successful.	
Dec 10 2007 	Tired and worn	Myself and three friends stayed at the Connaught Hotel at the start and end of our two week trip to India. While the complimentary fruit, water and cookies were welcoming, the decor and fittings are very tired and dirty in places. The bathrooms are extremely small but reasonably well equipped. The breakfast buffet has a varied selection and omlettes cooked to order. Service is helpful. This is definitely not worth 4 stars but conveniently located.	
Dec 5 2007	Mid Level Hotel	The Connaught is well located in central New Delhi and within walking distance to Connaught Place. The hotel has very small rooms but the rooms were fairly clean (carpet was spotted in places) and the air conditioning adequate. There was no internet access in the room but they did have dial up speed wireless internet in the lobby so bring your own laptop. The morning buffet breakfast was one of the best in all of India for variety, quantity, and quality.I rate this hotel 3 stars by US standards and fine for people who just want a place to sleep. Others have commented that some other rooms were not that clean so if you get a dirty room ask to be moved.Tip: Ask for a room on a high floor if you want a view of the city. The hotel does not charge a fee to exchange money and the rate is fair.	
Nov 21 2007	Good Central Hotel	We stayed here for 2 nights. Our rooms had been updated and a good standard. They were rooms facing the road not hockey pitch. The location right next to Connaught Square was great. We were able to go out to local shops to get some good bargains.Looking at other reviews we were concerned at having to stay but overall thought it was a good hotel very close to what was going on. We would stay there again	
Nov 5 2007	I liked this hotel!	We stayed at the Connaught at the end of our tour of Rajasthan. I don't quite understand the other negative comments here, as the hotel was perfectly pleasant!Our room wasn't big, but I've stayed in much smaller, and it was clean, modern and very comfortable. We had to phone reception to find out how to turn off the aircon, but then it was fine. The bathroom was a bit dated, but perfectly clean and pleasant. The bed was comfy. My only real negative would be that it wasn't very Indian, it could have been any city across the world. But I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to a friend looking for a decent, midrange hotel in Delhi.	
Oct 15 2007 	Oh dear	Where do I start...dingy dark dank...room upholstry and carpets dirty, furious air-con unable to disguise smell of damp.....maintenace work - loud constant banging necessitated a first room change... more to come later...a dark dingy restaurant that absolutely no-one seems to use except for breakfast, where there is no cold milk or at least there was, but waiter didnt want to have to go and fetch it! We had 3 nights at the start of our trip and one at the end, which after the first 3 nights I was not looking forward to...on arrival for out last night, we were given a double bed having asked for a twin, I insited on moving..moved to an &quot;upgrade&quot; with flourescent strip lighting that was either all on or all off..no bedside lights at all, ...and still a double bed! another furious room change, this time to the &quot;best &quot;suite in the hotel...still grubby and dingy..and with a loud whirring noise that &quot;maintainence&quot; were coming to sort out....still waiting at 2.30 a.m...they never arrived. ...mouldy baths, peeling paint, gloom and doom....one positive thing..the sheets were very clean! This hotel may function well as an Indian business hotel, but that is all. Staff demoralised and obviously used to complaints, no fault with the staff but with management and owner. Dont bother with this hotel...this is no 4 star but 2 at best. (P.S go to the Oberoi - as amazing as the Connaught is awful!)	
Oct 14 2007	Beware of what you eat!!	We stayed at the Connaught Hotel for two days before we travel the &quot;golden triangle&quot;. The bathroom had mold around the tub and the wiring for the hair dryer was down to the wires. They are also doing some work on the place. All day long there was hammering and pounding. The day we were to leave on the tour we had breakfast in the hotel. By noon I was so sick I could hardly stand. My hosband and I ate the same food except for the juice. So traveler beware.	
Jul 9 2007 	Not recommendable	I stayed at the Connaught for 2 nights on a business trip. Small room with amazingly filthy carpet which forced me to sleep with my socks on. Bathroom was just acceptably clean.I was unable to look out of my window due to a sort of curtain hiding it from the outside (probably related to ongoing maintainance work) and felt like in a prison cell. Checkout procedure totally inefficient.Should be rated and priced 1 - 2 stars.	
Jun 29 2007 	1 star at best	How is Hotel can be a 4 star is beyond me. 1 star at best fits the dirty rooms, moudly bathrooms, terrible service from staff. How other people gave this hotel a good review is beyond me. Didn't we stay at the same place. I guess they must be used to sleeping on soiled bedding and moudly bathroom floors and tubs.	
May 6 2007 	average hotel	We spent 3 nights at this hotel, 2 nights at the start of the holiday and 1 at the end. We found the hotel average, the rooms were small but clean. Nothing to complain about but of all the hotels we stayed at during our holiday, it did have the best buffet breakfast. The best thing about the hotel is that it is within easy walking distance of Connaught Place, which is a great place to go shopping.	
Apr 29 2007 	Needs alot of work	The Connaught was likely quite nice in its time, but time has not been kind to this hotel.You can tell immediately that it is an old hotel, but the lobby gave a good first impression with a professionaly done fresh flower centerpiece and the staff in clean, pressed uniforms. The check in was quick and the bell boy efficient. The rooms are where the main problems lie. They are very old in both appearance and smell. We took two rooms and both were far from satisfactory. The air conditioning blows a musty smell and the walls are moldy. The room is fairly small and the carpet was filthy, as were the sheets on the bed. The bathroom was clean and the shower fine. They provided tea/coffee making facilities and one bottle of water complimentary. The service at the Connaught was generally good, although one of the front desk associates took 10 minutes to return our change, having to go back into the cash drawer three times and still returning the incorrect amount.This was our third hotel in a nine hotel trip through India and was the only one that we found to be unacceptable. The location is great, but not worth staying there. The upside is that they seem to be doing renovations. The down side is that they will have to tear down and rebuild most walls to get rid of the mold and likely won't do that.	
Feb 4 2007 	Pretty Good	I notice some mixed reviews here but our experience was pretty good i have to admit. We had no check in problems and our room was very neat and clean with not complaints (maybe a touch on the small side). I actually couldn't find anything to fault this place. Comparitively its probably a little pricey and i've noticed some massive fluctuations in room tarrif. Knowing India, if you've managed a cheaper tarrif they would almost certainly keep this in mind and give you a dodgeyer room and probably sneer here and there. I strugged to find them on the web and went through an agent. Their email is [---] in which is their owner body email address or phone [---]. I liked this place and would recommend it based on our experience. Its right in the middle of colaba which is the place to be but about 60-80 mins from the airport. When we asked someone to arrange a transfer for us it cost of about 1200Rs but we got a prepaid cab from the traffic police booth for 170Rs. You have to fight your way past all the scouts and cheats who will charge you about 500Rs but ask inside the terminal where the prepaid taxi stand is if you can't find it. mail me on scorpioscorpion@hotmail.com if you want to know anything else...have fun	
Jan 24 2007	The "not posh" Connaught	The Connaught is to be avoided if you want rest at the end of a long day. We arrived late, very tired after a long train journey. Our room was very small, the carpet and soft furnishing soiled, however the sheets were clean and the bed OK. I must have been very tired because the bathroom look OK too. We went to sleep immediately. Imagine our surprise when on rising the next morning, found the tap was missing from the bath, it was rusted around the fitting, so had been like this for quite some time (sorry couldn't manage to post photo). The Manager was rung and we were moved to another room, this time with a tap over the bath. The carpet and soft furnishing in this room were also soiled and grubby. It is a big city hotel, however the staff were distant the foyer was also grubby, the furniture sticky as were the soft furnishings. We left a report for the Management. We are pleased to say that this was the only poor hotel on our 22day trip. All the other hotels were excellent and of course we have let our Travel Agent &amp; friends know about the Connaught.	
Dec 9 2006	A decent 4 star hotel	A good 4 star hotel.We had a room at the 4th floor. The view outside had a hockey ground.Rooms were clean and neat. But they were quiet small.However the restuarant is very slow to serve anything. It was rather frustrating as we had a train to catch.	
Nov 16 2006 	Liked the Restaurant	Arrived in the early hours of the morning as our first stop in India. Rooms were soon made ready for us, and were fine - basically what you would expect from a business focussed hotel, though not in the top category of business hotels. Staff were pleasant and helpful - arranged a visit for us with little notice. The breakfast was better than most we had in India, and the food at the restaurant was good and good value as well. The hotel was well located if you were familiar with Delhi, but a little daunting for a first time visitor exploring locally, especially taxi and tuc tuc drivers seeking trade when you ventured from the hotel.	
Oct 28 2006	One to be avoided	This hotel is not a good welcome to Delhi or India. Our room was on the 6th floor and was small and dirty. I hate to think what was living in the carpet and the valance was stained. It is very dated and in desparate need of refurbishment and a good clean. We were due to return to this hotel at the end of our tour but asked our travel company to check us in to a different hotel. It is supposed to be a 4 star, but in our view it definitely isn't.	
Oct 10 2006	Dumpsville	I ended up there for 1 night on business, so not my choice, or money. The company paid usd $165/night, which has to be the worst value for money in the whole of Asia. To be fair, Delhi is expensive for hotels and getting more so (think $250+ for 4* in the busy season), but even so.I chatted to an Aussie couple who had paid $85, but even at that price I wouldn't stay there again. Maybe $50 if i was paying out of my own pocket, but that's about it.The place had a rundown feel to it, very scruffy in general and shabby rooms. The bar had the ambience of a Mcdonalds and they hadn't even bothered to clean the tables. Only plus point is the central location, but the immediate area is a dump. The staff were pretty good too.	
Jun 3 2006	Soft Surfaces need Cleaning Too.	I was booked into the Connaught Hotel in New Delhi by a tour company. I was told it rated 4 star. Definately NOT!Location was &quot;God knows&quot; where. I looked out my room window and there was a double window scill easily a couple of inches deep in pigeion crap. Pigions were running up and down and very noisy. Across the road a depressing slum. Not a pretty picture.All hard surfaces in the hotel were clean and sparkling. i.e. marble floors, glass, wood, tiles etc. All soft surfaces in the hotel i.e. carpets, upholstery, draparies were amazinging ignored and filthly. The carpet in my room was so dirty and stained that I slept with my sox on in case I had to get up at night. No way was I putting my bare feet on that carpet.The Lobby has great furniture but the fabric is all black where ever people put there harnds...a lot of greasy hands touched this stuff. The attractive draperies were just plain dirty. Cleaning should be day to day maintenace.Even with everything clean it will only rate 3 stars max. The hotel dosn't seem to be near anything and the most disturbing, I was being told I could go out alone on the street.I booked a hotel not a jail cell. Get cleaning guys and talk to the neighbourhood.	
Apr 22 2006	We have buffet breakfast!	This was our first Indian Experience. After the rush and smell (smoky) of our drive at night from Delhi Airport we were greeted warmly at this hotel. On the way up to our room the porter very proudly announced that they had a &quot;buffet breakfast&quot;. Our hotel had been downgraded at my husbands request to reflect a more Indian Hotel. This we found out later was where Indian businessmen and families stayed. Less touristy, although of course there were still plenty of tourists. It was pleasant enough and the breakfast was good although a little crowded when everyone tries to have breakfast at the same time. Central location, easy walking distance to Janpath. The staff were fine although they did hover a little for tips. This was to be expected as they probably were paid less than in some other hotels.	
Mar 31 2006	Expensive 		
Mar 29 2006	Reasonable hotel for short stay		
Mar 18 2006	Clean but basic 		
Mar 14 2006	Good location		
Jan 4 2006	it's OK		
Dec 6 2005	A Room Lottery		
Dec 4 2005	Ok For a Couple of Nights		
Nov 30 2005	An overpriced dump. 2 star or less.		
Oct 10 2005	Garbage never again		
Dec 2 2004	Average		
Mar 10 2009 	Muy bueno las otras críticas me habían asustado pero era un hotel muy lindo		
Dec 8 2008 	espantoso!!		
Feb 15 2008	Da evitare!		
Aug 3 2007 	correcto para ir por libre		
Mar 27 2007	moyen mais bien situé au centre ville		
