Oct 28 2009 	Not a bit like the website	We were disappointed with this hotel.We should have researched it better.The pictures on the website are misleading.My tip would be to make sure you read reviews carefully before you do your booking and maybe only book 1 night at a time until you see a place.The airport pickup was a plus.	
Oct 25 2009 	A++ Warm friendly 	We booked this hotel from the airport through lastminute.com and we reluctant to leave the taxi upon arrival (basically a very busy commercial street!). Once out of the taxi we were greeted by friendly doorman who took us to reception and from there on the experience was great.Staff were very friendy, going out of there way to help us to ATMs at night (safely) and to get to and from India including help in booking a great taxi service to the Taj Mahal competetive with train fares.The shower water pressure isn't the greatest - but that is possibly a consequence of being in India. Rooms were cleaned - food service was efficient and tasty.Is a bit further from Connaught Place than we thought - but is reasonably accessible by taxi at 60 Rs each way.	
Oct 6 2009 	Sweet Home	I Booked through the website- made the most of the offers they have on it- stayed for 3 nights got one night free and also a agra trip free. paid $45 per night though..The hotel is very comfortable compared to the hotels in that locality, seriously. This was my 3rd time in delhi and stayed in express 66 for the first time..excellent i must say..the rooms were clean, the staff very friendly and helpful and in overall a very homely atmosphere they have maintained. the food in the hotel was also good.The other hotels in the same locality are very very shady...i recommend everyone to say who are looking for excellent accommodation in a budget price.p.s also beautiful rooms!!! thumbs up guys..	
Sep 24 2009 	bad express	We were so unhappy with this hotel, When we saw mouse in our room we all are scared and all jerk staff start smiling. Slept there one night because we had no choice. Coughed most of the night because of the smoke-embedded room. Eyes were on fire for a full 24 hours after checking out. Even the guy at the front desk thought it was horrible. I’d call that false advertising of nce and clean rooms.	
Sep 7 2009 	superb staygreat services..................!!!	We had serched for the hotel through internet.We contacted the hotel people on telephone,and booked one executive room, we reached Delhi by Rajdhani express in the evening from a hectic tour in calcutta. As said there was a hotel guy on the station waiting for us with a car. we were then taken to the hotel which was hardly 5 minutes drive from the station.At the lobby we were offered welcome drink (Coke).After completing the formality we were taken to our room.The ambiance of the room was very good as shown in the picture on their web site.The services were good and the staff was very humble and polite and always ready to help.The hotel people arrenged for a cab for local sight seeing and a trip to Agra at a very cheaper rate.and the Taxi driver too was very friendly and polite. we stayed in the hotel for 7 days. In all we enjoyed the trip to Delhi.I would always recomend the hotel to all my friends that whenever they visit Delhi they should stay in Hotel Express 66.	
Sep 2 2009 	Great stay	we reached delhi at about 10.30 pm.we were exausted as we came out of te Airport the pickup cab was waiting for us as promised by the Hotel.It took 35 min.to reach the Hotel from the Airport.As we reached the hotel lobby a guy was standing there to welcome us with a glass of refreshing drink.Then we asked the front office manager to show the room.we were offered the executive room which was in every way very comfotable AT VERY LOW PRICE according to my budget.As we were late we asked if they could serve us the dinner,and they said yes they can ,so we ordered for Indian food and it came in approx. 25 min. the food served was hot and delicious.We stayed in the hotel for three days and we never felt that we are away from home as the staff was very soft and polite and was always ready to help..............................In short we had a GREAT STAY and enjoyed a lot.	
Jun 13 2009 	average one	I travelled to delhi for business purpose and was looking for some hotel near to pahar ganj &amp; found Express 66. Hotel is quite ok with all the required infrastructure &amp; other facilities. wi fi also good.only thing is the location. situated on narrow road with full of traffic &amp; bit difficult to find. staying there in small budget is a really worth!!	
May 15 2009 	not bad	stayed here for 2 nights.. good service friendly staff at front office, rooms were clean and was informed that these were recently renovated .. looked better than the ones on the website quite surprising. use of jazzy wallpaper's and wooden paneling not bad....	
Mar 28 2009 	not great	i booked this after finding it in a search engine.and reading some favourable reviews. our 3 night stay was our final leg of a month travelling around india. it was very disappointing from the outside and i went to inspect the rooms before we unloaded the luggage as i thought it couldnt possibly be the same place. it is located on a very busy main road home to the timber and aluminuim industry which is in use 24 hours so if you are a light sleeper like me then not ideal. the room and bathroom were clean (apart from the room floor as our feet soon got dirty walking around barefoot after our shower) bathroom is modern and has a shower curtain which is always a plus in india as all bathrooms tend to be wetrooms so everywhere gets wet! there is no restaurant and you have to order breakfast (which was included in our package) and any other food via room service which is then brought to your room. (a service charge of 10% is automatically added to this bill which we didnt know until checking out). as we were out all day sightseeing etc we decided to eat at the hotel in the evening too (also becuase there didnt seem to be any decent eating places around the area) and opted for plain food -macaroni cheese with mushrooms. even this was spicy and made with tomato sauce and cheese just melted on top. 2nd night we had chips and cheese toasties which werent too bad. 3rd night my husband and friend had the macaroni and mushrooms but they both ended up leaving it as it didnt taste right - they have been ill since. i had the vegetable noodles which werent that great either. my friend's husband stuck to eating curries and he was fine. we had to leave at 4.00am for the airport and transfers were included. i had asked for a large car but we were given two small cars so had to travel separately. the male receptionist had to be woken up so we could settle the bill and seemed to fall asleep whilst talking to us! there was some confusion over the complimentary breakfast on our last morning. my husband had asked for plain omelette which turned up with spices and onions. they charged us for one of the juices as we should only have had one glass as complimentary (i think this was the gist of it). i asked to check our food orders for the previous days and pointed out that we hadnt been charged for any breakfasts on the other mornings as it was included in the price so they waived it. nothing is walking distance - connaught place and karol bagh are accessible by a 3 wheeler (dont pay more than 40 rupees for this). on exploring the are we found that there are lots of little shops in all the side streets off the main road. i wouldnt use it again	
Dec 4 2008 	Shocking vicinity but folks try to do their best	Arrival was a shock: smog, smoke, dust, metal traiders, wires... Hotel starts from 2d floor. No trees around. Nobody knows the street and the hotel. Exterior looks totally different. But the room was clean, normally equipped. Personnel tries to do their best, but it is not a normal hotel for normal people. It suites for local to stay between railway travel - New Delhi Railway Station is in 500 meters.I've spent 2200IR per night, it costs such a price, but for 5000IR they ask now its better to find a hotel in another quarter. You cant open windows both because of dust, smog and noise. WiFi doesn't work. I was transferred to another room without my will, but nothing was stolen.Finally we even ate there, no stomach problems.	
Jun 20 2008 	Good value in Delhi	We stayed at Express66 for 3 nights. The hotel was clean and represented excellent value for money in Delhi. The external appearance of the hotel differed from photos that we had seen but rooms are as they appear on the website. The hotel isn't on the best street in Delhi but at least it's not in the heart of busy/noisy Paharganj. Our deal included breakfast but there is no restaurant so this had to be taken in the room which isn't ideal. Overall we would recommend this hotel.	
May 27 2008 	A Small Paradise	This hotel is a wonder in it self &amp; one of the most beautifully designed hotel from inside. The locaion is a bit crowded but being in the city center one could expect that much of crowd.The hotel rooms are spacious &amp; elegantly designed. The best part is that everything in the room was in perfecty working condition which we didn't find in any other hotel in India. We spent three nights there without any complaints &amp; all the staff members are very friendly.One of the cleanest hotels I have ever seen.Total value for moneyExcellent Service High hygiene standardsFrom the airport pickup till the departure from the hotel, It was a wonderful experience altogether.&quot;DEFINITELY A COME BACK HOTEL&quot;	
May 26 2008	EXPRESS 66 one more 6 to hell	I stayed one night in Delhi and I did the choice for Express66 believing in what other reviews said about it. When we arrived the zone seemed devasted by war. the smell around was terrible and everything was filthy and ugly. The hotel entry looked like an ugly storage buiding with nothing nice. once inside the hotel wasn´t that bad looking but when we entered the room many details were wrong firstly we tried to swich on the TV it didn´t work (no conectors). When i told to the staff they send one guy whom after looking the conector he went away and never came back with solution. The room we booked it was a double twin beds and they said on arrival they only had one bed double. When I tried to turn on the light on the bed table the light wasn´t connected either. there we was surrounded by dust everywhere. then the morning came and I had to go to airport early so i went reception and i asked for place to have breaksfast wich was included in the room deal. they said &quot;don´t worry, we´ll take it to your room&quot; so I went to my room and we waited. after one hour the breakfast never arrived and we had only 5 minutes to left to the airport so I went reception and they were there looking at me from a very lazy position showing too much a lack of care.we got so upset that we didn´t want to take the drop off with them and we left without breakfast by rikshaw to the airport for less than half price of the car. we came back to Delhi a few days later and we stayed in Ajanta Hotel about two streets behind where Express66 is located and believe me i got double quality for half of the price. clean nice and very professional staff. who did the votes high rates to Express66? themselves?Fran	
May 9 2008 	Do not be cheated!	This hotel is run by frauds! We had selected this hotel based on its high review on TripAdvisor and its relatively low price.The hotel is in a very shabby part of the town. There are some abstract paintings on the walls, but that's about it. The room had a damp smell. The hand shower in the toilet did not work. Complaining to the manager did not work. We rented a taxi for half a day to roam around the city. When we got back, within the half day period, the travel desk said the minimum charge for the taxi is a full day. This was clearly not what the manager had said, who was not there later.We asked for advice on how to go to our next destination - Jaipur. The travel desk just wouldn't give any advice other than taking their taxi at a high price. When I enquired about bus routes, he gave me a myriad of logic not to take a bus. At first he said there were no AC buses to Jaipur, then he said there are no buses except at night, then he said it takes 12 hours to reach Jaipur, then he said it costs Rs. 800 for each person. Each of these were a lie.One reason for selecting this hotel was their free wifi. But it was a hoax, it did not work for more than 5 minutes.One guy slept on a sofa in front of our room, and we could hear him cough the whole night.At check out time, came the biggest shock. When we had taken the taxi, the manager said the charge would be Rs. 800 per day. But they billed us Rs. 1200 for a day! The room charge was Rs. 2999. When we said we wanted to pay in USD, they used a conversion rate of 37 Rupees instead of the bank rate of 40. It's not the few hundreds we paid extra, but the attitude of ripping off customers, that we disliked.	
Apr 21 2008 	Very good	The hotel location is not very good, but the rooms are news, comfortable and clean. The staff is very friendly and helpful. I have a great time in Express 66.	
Mar 27 2008 	A Spotless Hotel in New Delhi	My family and I thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Express 66. We reached Delhi very late at night on March 19th, and the hotel pickup service was at the airport on time, awaiting our arrival. Honestly, Express 66 is not in the best part of town, but upon our entry into the hotel lobby, we completely forgot the streets outside. Our check-in was quick and efficient, and we found the staff very willing to cater to our needs. In fact , I had been in touch with hotel's MD several days prior to our arrival, and he was extremely friendly and accommodating of our requests. The rooms were very reasonably priced (something difficult to come by in Delhi) clean, and well kept. The MD has taken obvious care in maintaining the establishment thus far. A very creative and contemporary collection of art is also tastefully displayed throughout the hotel. My family and I also enjoyed several meals from the hotel's kitchen, and we agreed that the food was well prepared, and tasty. I would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone who requires a clean and reasonably priced place to stay in New Delhi. You will certainly get more that what your money pays for.	
Feb 28 2008 	Express66 is worth each penny	I am from Canada . I stayed in Express66 not once but twiceand have reservation for the third time. The rooms and bathrooms are very clean. The manager and rest of staff are helpful and their service is excellent. After checking and comparing many hotels in the area , i decided on Express66.	
Feb 17 2008 	new and clean hotel	The hotel is new and it is quite small (there are only three floors with a few rooms per floor). The rooms are very clean and the bathrooms are new. The staff is very friendly and helpful. They are very eager to assist customers in any ways possible. Our experience dealing with the staff was very pleasant and they made our stay quite comfortable. It can get a bit noisy at night if you have a room with a window towards the street (which happens very often in hotels in Delhi, unless you are in the more quite areas such as the Diplomatic Enclave).	
