	Great Service	I stayed at Oberoi last month for a training workshop and was floored by the service and hospitality of the hotel staff. The facilities were superb and arrangements awesome. The staff would always greet you with folded hands and a &quot;Namaste&quot; - irrespective of where and how many times you met them during a day.The cleanliness of the hotel was immaculate as well. The conference rooms, where we spent most of our time, were well maintained and comfortable even for a group of 60.Depending on the room you had, you could have a view of the lush green Delhi Golf Club - this amount of greenery in the heart of an Indian city is unparalleled.The food was great and covered the entire spectrum of Indian, Eastern (e.g. Chinese) and Western (e.g. continental) food options. Although we ate at special buffets organised for us, the one time I ate in a restaurant - the experience was equally great.	
	Loved it!	We had a great time at the hotel. Service was great, the conceirge was really helpful. Presentation and location of the hotel is amazing.	
	Delhi at its best	The entry lobby is nicely decorated. The staff is very supportive and smiling. The food is of the great taste and the rooms - big and warm.	
Nov 23 2009 	Only Hotel I ever stayed in with a Butler Service	I spend the last day of my stay in India at the the Oberoi for a bit of luxury and relaxation. In spite of this being primarily a business hotel I enjoyed my stay here very much. I got to know various services previously unknown to me here - such as the butler service in the hotel rooms or the remote (handed to the guest at the pool) for calling service. And in contrary to many other hotels I have stayed at in India, people at this hotel is able to answer for themselves instead of always having to ask some senior person before giving a qualified answer. Rooms and food are excellent.	
Nov 15 2009	Loved the service and cleanliness	The service was perfect. everyhting was good. the behaviour of staff was very co-operative. We enjoyed each and every second at hotel.	
Nov 7 2009 	An excellent hotel	Just got back from a 9 day stay at The Oberoi and I have to say we could not fault this hotel. This hotel is an oasis of calm in a chaotic city. We had a room overlooking the golf course so I cannot comment on what it must be like at the front of the hotel where there is quite a busy road. Breakfasts were superb. Security was reassuringly tight, although we were concerned about why it needed to be so tight, but you only have to look how close Delhi is to the border of Pakistan to get your answer The hotel staff are all uniformly charming especially on the concierge desk where they will organise anything for you. Great pool. Our room rate included airport transfers; very much essential as dealing with Delhi taxi drivers is a skill you acquire! You cannot walk from this hotel to anywhere in Delhi, you have to take a taxi. Our final bill was a bit eye-popping as drinks, laundry etc don't come cheap at the Oberoi! I would recommend this hotel unreservedly, but wild horses won't drag us back to the dubious delights of New Delhi.	
Oct 31 2009 	Big name but rooms outdated	A classic in Delhi. Overall nice hotel but they need to upgrade their rooms. Other facilities excellent.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Service	Wonderful service and although it is not known to be a fancy and luxurious as the other oberoi's in India we thought it was still way above most over city hotels. The staff is attentive, management and restaurant staff greeted you by name. They even helped us arrange taxi for outings and plan our daily activities.	
Oct 6 2009 	New Delhi's finest	This is one of the finest hotels I have ever stayed at. Service was great and the grounds are an oasis from the grime of New Delhi. 	
Sep 29 2009 	Oberoi Delhi fantastic service and food with 5 star property but rooms a little tired	The service matches the best hotels in the middle east and far east. Restaurants are very good and so is the pool and spa area. The rooms are 5 star but could be a little better - they are a touch tired and the bathroom could be bigger and better appointed. However, I would certainly go back again.	
Sep 9 2009 	The best hotel in New Delhi	I have been fortunate to stay in a few hotels in Delhi, including the Taj Mahal and Oberoi New Delhi. I don't have any hesitation in saying that the Oberoi is the winner in that battle, hands down. I am a seasoned traveller and I have never felt so passionately about reviewing hotels before, but feel the need to rave about the Oberoi experience. The rooms were lovely, the service was unparalleled, the food/drink establishments were excellent and leisure facilities fantastic. Stay here... you won't be disappointed!	
Aug 10 2009 	An Oasis in Delhi	I have been coming to Delhi for five years now, and I always stay at the Oberoi. The staff is so attentive and courteous, and the condition of the hotel is impeccable. In my mind, there is no question that this is the place to stay.	
Aug 10 2009 	A fine hotel but not as good as other Oberoi hotels	Spent 3 nights here with my family and we were more than happy with the luxury rooms and the facilties. The hotel had a great buzz with many locals visiting the restaurants and cafe for lunch and dinner. The restaurants are excellent but very expensive. We avoided the Japanese restaurant for that reason. The staff are quite helpful but obviously tip driven. Check in and paying the bills were slow. Overall this hotel lacked the superb high standards of the Oberois in Agra, Jaipur and Ranthambore.	
Jun 23 2009 	Hospitality is the name of the game	I have stayed a few times now at this Oberoi (on Dr. Zakir Hussain Marg) in New Delhi. The most recent being May 25-28, 2009. They were there to pick me up at the Airport (DEL) in a car and driver provided by Avis. Driver was courteous and a very careful driver. My room was ready, clean, internet ready and complimentary, with roses, fruits, chocolates in a room that overlooked the Delhi Golf Course (8th Floor). Food was great at the 360. Security was impressive with luggage and body scanners.Staff bent out of their way to be helpful. In particular, the concierge, despite the lack of support from the local Lufthansa (LH) office, was able to help me redo my booking with a marathon series of phone calls. Net result was that I was able to leave DEL a day early albeit on Austrian (OS) as opposed to LH, which proved to be a blessing in disguise anyway.	
Jun 15 2009 	The best business hotel I've ever stayed in	Everything about my stay here for a fortnight was PERFECT. Staff, food, Pool, Gym, Room, Butler, Everything. Simple as that!	
Jun 15 2009 	Excellent service	The staff at this hotel are exceptionally courteous and are always at your service. The hotel has a beautiful poolside and the food is awesome. The breakfast spread is amazing with combination of both continental and traditional indian food. Even the simplest of the menu is made to perfection. Try the Dal Makhani and you would be transported to a different world. The rooms are spacious and well lit and the king size beds are far too comfortable. I would highly recommend this hotel for any kind of visitor.	
Jun 14 2009 	Tranquility in New Delhi	Very well organised and service focused hotel. Even though it gets a lot of business traffic there are a variety of restaurants and pools so that it is a good base for exploring Delhi. If you arrive on the early morning flight, just be careful if you think you will get a room early, on both occassions it was near 9 a.m. after arriving at 7 a.m. before the room was available but you can have breakfast etc. while you wait	
Jun 13 2009 	charmed	One simply cannot go wrong with any of the Oberoi properties-they exceed even my picky standards of hotel hospitality, as a travel photojournalist. Luxurious public areas and rooms, superb food service, and top-notch hospitality by all staff concerned.	
Jun 12 2009 	Great place to do business in peace	Great place to stay in peace and do business in absolute privacy	
Jun 11 2009	Great place	the banquet hall was excellent, the food was delicious with an amazing variety.the rooms were spacious and the staff was extremely helpful. the restrooms were neat and clean.the overall stay was very comfortable and I'd love to come back to Delhi and stay only here.	
Jun 10 2009	Very Efficient 	I only stayed here for a day as I was in transit to Agra, but I was very impressed by the services provided, the staff &amp; the rooms. I would love to visit once again.	
Jun 10 2009 	Real Luxury in Delhi	The Oberoi is the epitome of luxury in New Delhi. It is not a cheap place to stay, but everything about it is just great. The rooms are beautifully appointed, the main 360 Restaurant serves great food (try the Sunday brunch if you are there at a week-end). The leisure facilities are also first class. A great place to stay for a special treat.	
Jun 2 2009 	great service	The Oberoi was one of the citys first luxury hotels. The exterior still bears the 60's-70's design, and is a bit dated, but the Oberoi in Delhi is a hotel with a reputaion.The rooms overlook the greens of the Delhi Golf club on one side, and Humayuns tomb (a world heritage site) on the other.Baan Thai and Taipan, two of its restaurants serving oriental cuisine, are very popular and serve great food.The hotel is in charge of the lighting up of `Humayun's tomb', which is a world heritage monument, and nearby. The lights come on post sunset and its a fabulous view from some of the hotel rooms.	
May 25 2009 	Excellent service but a bit too plain	I like the understated service of Oberoi, but the Oberoi, Delhi is a drab looking property from outside and a bit sleepy from inside. Would recommend it though if you are on a business visit.	
May 23 2009 	Exceptional Overall	I always prefer the gorgeous but in simple way of behaving. I found it in Oberoi New Delhi. Their welcome desk to the final day bell boy services, are really deserves the appreciation without asking any question. I found it exceptionally good for its money exchange, travel, in room services, facilities to a business traveler and food offerings to the guests. Swimming pool and health center is really good and state-of-art to attract guests. To me it is the SMILE from STAFFS all around that invites me for the second time. But only complain it is overbook always. But I miss its golf course view and sky line limits. It is really amazing.	
May 23 2009	unexpectedly bad service.. very bad	It was a dim-sum lunch at the roof top restaurant at oberoi with my family of around 12 ppl.. so there were around 8 ppl taking the dim-sum buffet and 4 ordering Ala crate. when the starter were being served one of my brothers took a bite from me who had ordered Ala crate so this lady who is apparently the manager there( a very bad 1) comes and tells him &quot; Sir please restrain from eating as sharing is not allowed&quot; I mean what the [--] is wrong with u this is unacceptable how can u ask ur guest to not taste something and use this language .. I am a regular at this place but after this have decided to never go back there again... the manager is from mumbai was very rude and knows nothing about hospitality.. very sad didnt expect this from oberoi's. and will make sure to spread this around and inform about this information to as many ppl as i can....	
May 17 2009 	Enjoyed stay at Oberoi Delhi	The hotel was a breath of fresh air. Very clean lines and a cooling atmosphere. The bedrooms were beautifully appointed. The meal in the restaurant was a little disappointing but the breakfast the following morning more than made up for it. Unfortunately I. only had time to stay one night	
May 15 2009 	terrific service	My wife and me stayed for 4 days in March 2009. The hotel is outstanding and we have never experienced such incredible service before. Each room had personalised butler service (including packing / unpacking!!!). Hotel staff at all venues were very cordial and helpful. Infact, the crew at the 360 degrees coffe shop made dining a better experience. They were always smiling and helping us with selection etc. Also, i must mention the housekeeping staff who were brilliant. Infact, my wife left her t-shirt behind which was returned in my next trip. The food at the 360 degrees was simply outstanding. I think the finest breakfast spread ive ever had. We were just expecting nibbles but breakfast was a delicious spread spread with cheeses fruit pastries etc. Restaurants are great. Taipan, on the roof, is very smart.The rooms are very comfortable with a variety of pillows to choose for your comfots. Although, internet was not complimentary and too too expensive. Wish the same was made complimentary, especially for frequent visitors like me.Overall, excellent value and great comfort. Overall I would say this is probably the best hotel we have ever stayed in on a business trip.	
May 14 2009 	Just amazing service and hotel a combination of excellence and elegance	One of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. The staff were exceptional with a level of service that I have so far found hard to beat. Not over the top, just attentive with the sense that to serve was an honour. I loved the fact that everyone smiled at you in a gracious way The food was good; the breakfasts were excellent in particular. The spa and swimming pool (indoor) were a haven of peace. In the chaos that is New Delhi, congratulations need to go to the manager and his team for maintaining such a high standard. Could so do with Oberoi in Canada.	
May 10 2009 	Oberoi probably still the best business hotel in New Delhi	Oberoi is probably still the best business hotel in delhi. Great restaurants, especially 360, newly renovated gym, spa and pool and unbeatable location next to the golf club.	
May 3 2009 	Loved the cozy bed	I stayed at the Oberoi with my uncle when he had visited Delhi in 2007. The bed was really cozy and the mattresses gave you the feeling that you are sinking into it. I dont think I've slept so well in my life ever. Though the rooms were slightly towards the smaller side, the grandeur of the Oberoi is unmatched. Also, the Oberoi is a paradise for luxury brands: Louis Vitton, Gucci, Bvlgari	
May 3 2009 	Business Travel to Delhi	A good and convenient hotel for business travellers.The rooms are business traveller friendly with all the facilities that one requires to conduct business efficiently - internet access, business centre and CNN and BBC World television channels offered to keep in touch with international news.The staff are very friendly - in true Indian style and always welcoming and always willing to go an extra mile with its service.A good hotel that I recommend for all travellers.	
Apr 30 2009 	Paradise in the centre of chaos	I travelled to New Delhi at the end of March on a business trip and selected the Oberoi Hotel on Trip Advisor recommendations. It is the most fantastic luxurious hotel with first class service at all times and thoroughly deserves it's five star rating. When I arrived in the early hours of the morning after an over-night flight I was immediately given a room &quot;to rest and relax in&quot; until my designated room was ready. My booking was for that night but I was moved into my room within an hour of arriving. It was on the fifth floor of the hotel overlooking New Delhi golf course and the &quot;old&quot; pool and was beautifully furnished and pristine clean. During my week's stay there the bed linen was changed every day, the towels twice and sometimes three times per day and the bathroom cleaned both morning and night. I sampled meals in all the restaurants and the quality of food was superb. All in all I felt pampered and spoiled during my stay there. One minor point is the cost of drinks whether it be wine, beer or bottled water. The charges are eye-watering but are similar in all the hotels in the area.From the very efficient door/security people to reception staff, waiters, housekeeping staff and cleaners the level of service is truly excellent. Tipping is actively discouraged during your stay at the Oberoi (you can tip at the end of you like) and several times when I tried to tip for excellent service it was politely refused unlike at several other five star hotels which I visited where hands were out all the time.The &quot;new&quot; Oberoi pool looks amazing, set in landscaped gardens surrounded by shrubs and trees and the pool service is again superb with iced bottled water and cool towels being provided at regular intervals. The only downside is that the pool has no handrails, the steps are not very visible and apart from nearly falling myself I noticed several other bathers having similar problems. I agree that it would not look as amazing with rails sticking up but maybe the steps could be made clearer.Outside this haven of tranquility is utter chaos both in traffic, standard of driving and beggars. I found it quite distressing to witness the level of poverty in New Delhi but when I asked my business contacts about it they just shrugged.If you have to stay in New Delhi then I would thoroughly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 29 2009 	Great Hotel Wonderful Service!	I recently had the pleasure of staying at the Oberoi New Delhi twice during a recent visit to India. On both ocassions we had a very well appointed Executive Suite whcih although a little dated was more than adequate enough. The new pool area is awesome and the service there si as good as in the rest of the hotel; bottled waters and sunscreen included. We spent a total of 5 nights at the hotel and so we gfot to enjoy msot of the facilities inclduing the Threesixty and Travertino restaurants, service and food were great at both of them. the spa was also very enjoyable and the prices were not too bad. i would not hesitate to stay at this hotel again if I ever have the chance; although the imperial hotel looks very nice I doubt the service would eb up to apr with the Oberoi.	
Apr 28 2009 	Wnderful and worth going again because of the hospitality and service	I went with my wife and stayed there for two days and one night and it was really a very good experience. We had a very good experience of good hospitality and best Services ever dreamt. The staff was so humble and well behaved and mannered that you cannot expect anything better than this.	
Apr 26 2009 	Good business hotel service makes the difference	I stayed here for 3 nights in a Luxury Room. I used to stay here on business in the late 1990's, when it was the top hotel in Delhi. The business service is still excellent, but the rooms feel shabby &amp; the Indian food is very average; it's great as a business hotel but may be disappointing if you're looking for something special on a holiday.The hotel is extremely well located, which is one of its best features given the bad traffic in Delhi; it was convenient for me to visit both north &amp; south Delhi. The front desk, concierge &amp; business center staff were in general excellent - professional &amp; efficient. However, the concierge did not seem to know much about shopping destinations (I asked how long it would take to get to a few different places &amp; ended up calling the stores directly myself) - perhaps they really only get business requests? The service in the cafe was not good - slow &amp; unenthusiastic, though friendly enough - while the food was the worst on my 2-week trip in India, heavy &amp; bland. The room service Indian food was only marginally better.My room was pretty clean but felt shabby, with worn woodwork, light blue carpeting &amp; a very small bathroom with a narrow combination tub/shower. There was also a faint odor of cigarette smoke. In all, serviceable but forgettable, though the open view over the pool &amp; park next door was nice.In summary, while on holiday I would still choose to stay at The Imperial, which has character, feels more updated &amp; has excellent Indian food. But it's hard to fault The Oberoi for business needs.	
Apr 23 2009 	Awesome	One of the best hotels in the city. It has everything that a customer would ask for great shops, great food and amazing rooms.	
Apr 19 2009	Very comfortable big city hotel with all the expected amenities	A very high end city hotel with some resort ammenities. Everything you would expect from Oberoi. Prices comparable to hotels of this caliber in major North American and European cities.	
Apr 18 2009 	Fantastic city hotel	Expensive but perfect. Impecable service - the staff always seem to remember you, great restaurants, comfortable bedroom with great view of Delhi. (make sure you get a room in one of the higher floors). Fantastic pool to relax by. They even provide guests with suntan lotion! and a bell to call for assitance. If you want to stay in the hotel has a selcetion of free DVDs to watch.	
Apr 17 2009 	loved the foodspaservice and the room	Just before new year i was down in delhi and like always stayed in the oberoi which is the prime 5 star hotel in delhi.I always enjoy stayin in th sweet as they have one of the best sweets in india.Their resturants serve amazing food and i always enjoy the spa..The location is also perfect ....	
Apr 8 2009 	Needs some refurbishment but still great	A year on from my last visit, the New Delhi Oberoi is still a great hotel, but the rooms are looking tired now. I saw rooms on three floors (2,3,4) and all were similarly down-at-heel, frankly. Bed was still very comfortable - perhaps the mattresses are replaced regularly - and everything worked, but dents and chips in the woodwork and scratched, worn furniture are hard to ignore. Inevitably (after the event at Mumbai) security is much tighter, but is conducted with the usual grace and politeness. This year I stuck to the 360 restaurant, having been unimpressed by the Italian and Chinese restaurants last time. As I was only there for four days, there was enough variety on offer, but it would get tedious after a week or so. Room rates MUCH lower than a year ago... push for a deal at the moment and you should manage under £150 per room night with breakfast and internet included. Excellent value at that rate, but how long it'll be so low is anyone's guess.	
Mar 19 2009	Expensive Local Line Charges	The Oberoi is a wonderful hotel with good rooms, great service and fine food. But local line charges are 200 rupees per minute or $4 per minute. That is a higher rate than charged by other Oberoi Hotels in India. The rates apply to any international collect call or international credit card call. These rates are only known if you inquire and management is rather defensive regarding these charges.	
Mar 19 2009 	Great hotel	This is exactly the sort of place you need to retreat to in the bustle that is Delhi. It's conveniently located, well-appointed, clean and has superb staff. I've stayed here for a total of three nights, and enjoyed them all. The rooms are large and the beds comfortable. The hotel is also spotlessly clean. There are a variety of restaurants that you can dine in. There's an oriental one on the top floor (which I didn't eat in) a very good (if expensive) Italian on the ground floor, next to which is the 360 Restaurant which serves a huge array of different foods (all of which are of a good standard). The 360 restaurant is also where you have breakfast, and despite being a large space you are made to feel welcome and service is friendly and efficient. There is also a nice bar area just to the right of the main entrance. However, this is not open all day, which is a shame. The spa is tremendous. Well worth a visit! I would have no hesitation about staying here again.	
Mar 15 2009 	World Class	This has to be one of the best hotels in the world for business travellers. The service is amazing, rooms well appointed and very comfortable, facilities excellent, fantastic Spa run by Banyan Tree, and great restaurants. The location is also very convenient - not far from Connaught Place, Janpath, Khan Market etc. I have stayed here around 10-12 times and never have i been disappointed. Book ahead though - the lack of hotels in Delhi means prices can be unbelievably high at times. one negative - they do not have any loyalty reward program.	
Mar 13 2009 	Doesn't live up to its name	When you speak to anyone about luxury hotels in India, two names are invariably brought up: Taj and Oberoi -- in the context of how they set the standard. Even without such word of mouth, you would have certain expectations of 5 star hotels. Alas, Oberoi New Delhi falls short -- by either measure, and on many counts.First, I was surprised upon entering my room to see how dated it looked. It's well maintained but the furniture and fittings were evidently not recently installed. With its heavy wooden furniture and trimmings so typical of hotels 2 eras ago, the room was entirely incongruous with the common areas (lobby, gym, pool, restaurants) which were clearly refurbished in recent times and sport clean modern lines. I guess they decided to spend the renovation budget on the high visibility areas?Second, there was neither toothbrushing nor shaving kit in the room! I had consciously omitted to bring my toiletries on the assumption that every 5-star hotel would provide its guests with certain standard items. Not this one. Sure, housekeeping promptly brought me a toothbrushing kit upon request, but it shouldn't have been an on-request item in the first place. Then, upon wanting to iron out some creases in my business shirt, I discovered that room didn't have ironing facilities either. At that point, I just decided to live with a creased shirt.Now, the thing *REALLY* got my goose happened in the hotel's all-day restaurant, &quot;threesixty&quot;. Obviously, the restaurant manager told the staff, &quot;We're really proud of new special promotional Japanese set dinner -- be sure to recommend it to every single guest.&quot; Or more likely, he said, &quot;These are lean times and we need to squeeze every dime out of our guests, so plug this expensive $80 set meal like your life (or livelihood) depended on it!&quot; Either way, he must have forgotten to add, &quot;But exercise some restraint and discretion; don't [-] off any guests in the process.&quot; 'Cos, boy, did they hard-sell or what. After the third waiter who walked by my table tried to convince me how I really wanted to order the &quot;special&quot; instead of ala carte, I was on the brink of saying something rude or walking out. And when they finally gave up and allowed me to order a main course ala carte, the waiter practically forced me (&quot;You don't understand, sir...&quot;) to order an appetizer to go with it!! This, in a 5-star hotel.Stay there again? Not if I can help it.	
Feb 26 2009 	Great stay made possible by a superb staff	I spent 4 nights here; two over a weekend and two during the week. The management is obviously doing something right with this hotel as every employee seems eager to meet your immediate needs and even attempts to anticipate them. No waiting to check in or check out - every station is fluidly staffed as required to make sure no one is kept waiting. This is not an inexpensive hotel but the given the level of convenience and service provided by the staff, the quality of the room accomodations and hotel ammenities it is a good value for the price. Fresh fruit daily in the room along with butler and shoe shine service was a nice touch. The hotel provides nice cars and great drivers at a price about three times higher than a taxi, but you do get seat belts and airconditioning and at least when first arriving, the comfort of knowing you will be met by a hotel representative at the airport and introduced to your driver who will safely and reliably get you to your hotel - in Delhi's traffic, heat and smog this is no small consideration. Before retiring your first night, make sure you check out your breakfast options since the hotel is often late to open its restaurants. The room service option is probably the best choice for early risers.	
Jan 16 2009 	ok	it is a great hotel and the attention to detail is second to none but i wish they could not be so stiff and lighten up a bit i had just come from the taj in mumbai and they were so much friendlier.also if you book on the internet be careful you only book once.they tried to charge me for two rooms .they need to sought that out.they got quite agressive with me and it spoilt my stay	
Dec 26 2008 	Top-notch hotel	I stayed at the Oberoi several times this year and thought that it was an excellent hotel. Attentive service, good restaurants, nicely-appointed room. Either side of the hotel has nice views, and the spa/health club is excellent. Close to shopping and business centers.	
Dec 2 2008	Great start and in finish in city haven	We stayed here at the start and end of our tour of India. A modern business hotel with good attention to detail and professionalism (including welcome/ welcome back letter and complimentary bottle of wine on both arrivals). But the staff were not as friendly as in the Oberoi leisure resorts. We had a good size luxury room on the 8th floor room with views over the golf course (rooms at the front can be noisy due to location near a busy road). The bathroom was a little on the small side though and had no separate shower. Great butler service - a few minor room issues (for example a faulty hairdryer) and the need to replace a flat camera battery all resolved immediately and with minimum fuss. The jet lag massage was a great way to unwind after a long flight and the hotel has installed a great new pool in full sun. Whilst there do not seem to be very many sunbeds for the size of the hotel we always found the pool area to be very quiet (probably due to the predominance of business as opposed to leisure guests). The concierge also arranged some great tailor-made excursions with an excellent English speaking guide (Shipra Rathi). The main restaurant (360) had a huge selection of buffet and a la carte (Indian, Japanese and International) for breakfast, lunch and dinner and the lobster was one of the best we have ever tasted. Good service too. We also had a fabulous meal in the top floor Taipan Chinese restaurant. We were not impressed by the Travertino Italian restaurant - food quality okay but the service did not match the other restaurants.	
Nov 28 2008	A comfortable Oasis to start or finish your trip	Hotel situated on New Delhi Golf course. A modern purpose built business hotel. Set in own grounds and not located in a 'walk around area'.Ensure a room at rear as if at front road noise.Furnishings heavy quality comfortable rooms. Excellent service in rooms .Very pleasant staff.Hotel restaurants '360' poor and plainItalian ,blandChinese, excellentIndian very goodA good oasis to start or finish your trip.Unless you have a reason two nights in Delhi at start of trip are enough.	
Nov 24 2008 	A great pleasure	It is graet pleasure to date with my girlfriend i n oberoi hotel. It was very clean and beautiful hotel for such purpose.	
Oct 12 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	We only stayed in this hotel for 2 nights as it was the first destination of our 8 week round the world honeymoon.We found the hotel to be very good, nice size rooms, beautiful decor and very good restaurants. The staff were friendly and polite.I would recommend this hotel	
Oct 10 2008 	Expensive but great	Paid more for a single night than I've paid in my life before.With dinner and breakfast it was around $600US!! But the service was perfect and the food amazing. The pool's pretty good too.However I have to say that for the money I would expect fellating on arrival and a slightly posher pool. Also the exterior looks like a 1950's council block.Having said that it was certainly one of the nicest rooms I've ever stayed in and if you want a nice night in a plush hotel after backpacking around India for a couple of weeks I thoroughly recommend it if you've got the cash.Breakfast was the best aspect. An amazing buffet and international stuff that normally we'd turn our noses up due to the environment, local economy etc, but on this occasion we decided balls to it.Unfortunately if you want a posh place to stay in Delhi to finish of your holiday your options are limited.If you're there on business then go for it. Price is the only thing against.	
Oct 9 2008 	Good business hotel	The New Delhi Oberoi is fine, you won't have any regrets staying here, but you won't remember it as a particularly special hotel either. It's a fairly typical 1960s building with a shopping arcade attached to the lobby, smallish rooms, decent service. We found the restaurants very busy, and so a little slow. The food was good. The gym is pretty good. All in all you might as well be in Manhattan, and maybe that's the point. Internet service is slow.	
Sep 29 2008 	Great Luxury Hotel	Great service, the staff is amazing , will take care of everything- Top rate. The room is nice and the decor is classy. The restaurant was great, food was really delicious and the design of the restaurant was striking. The hotel and restaurants are very happening at night with a up-market clientele . Definitely the place to be and be seen. The hotel is in a great location away from a lot of noise. Quiet with a nice garden and pool area.Would definitely recommend when staying in New Delhi.	
Sep 6 2008	Business hotel good for a short stay	I was participating in a large training programme at this hotel and stayed here for 2 nights. It seemed a little strange for the hotel to be right next to a flyover! However, having once entered the hotel, I was quite at peace. It has all the comforts of a business hotel without being in your face. The staff is efficient and friendly but not over friendly. I did have a few issues with my room but it was handled quickly and efficiently. The chinese restaurant is quite nice and they used to have a nice deli. It is not right in the city centre- bit of a cab ride really- so you might not be able to stumble home from the bars!	
Aug 27 2008 	An excellent business hotel	Thoroughly recommended as a business hotel. Great service, good restaurants and very comfortable rooms. Oberoi have clearly invested heavily in the property, in particular the new outside pool area.Would definitely consider this to be one of New Delhi's best hotels (after the Imperial).	
Aug 19 2008	Excellent city hotel	An excellent city hotel with wonderful restaurants. The staff are exceptionally helpful and courteous. An oasis of elegance and tranquitity in frenetic Delhi. Note all the Oberois have international plus in every room - very useful!	
Aug 5 2008 	Nice but the hotel has problems	Lobby, Restaurants, Pools and other public areas are very nice. The pool could use a few more chairs. The spa is smaller, with just one shower in the men’s locker area. The workout area is superb with excellent, brand new equipment.Rooms: The rooms have a musty smell. While everything in the room is nice and updated, I think the carpet needs replaced and is causing the smell. I viewed three rooms during our stay and they all have an odd smell. The views of the rooms that look at Humayan’s tomb were nice as were the pool/golf course views. The staff were not as nice as other Oberoi hotels. In addition, they were a little slow with requests for ironing board, room service, etc. Pool service was also slow. In addition, the drains in both of our rooms were broken and it took quite awhile for someone to come look. The restaurants were excellent in food and service. The lobby bar is not as nice as the 360 restaurant bar, use that one instead. The drinks there were top notch. Sunday brunch at 360 is excellent, as is all the food, including the Sushi. The internet is VERY expensive at 800 rupees per day ($20) and sometimes did not work. There were adapters in each room for foreign plugs. Overall, I would NOT stay at this hotel again, I would try the Taj Palace or Imperial. Our flight was not until 11 PM, they extended check out until 2 and offered to hold our bags until we were ready to go and let us use the facilities: Spa, pool, etc. until we were ready to leave. That was one plus of the hotel…	
Jul 15 2008 	LOVED it	My husband, daughter, and I stayed at the Oberoi New Delhi for 2 nights. We were so extremely impressed with the experience. The room was beautiful and the service was 110% outstanding. We couldn't sleep and checked emails at 3am. 2 persons were there to assist us with getting online and serving us a snack! My husband exercised, he was given a bottle of water, and they then offered to carry the water to the room for him! Everyone smiles and greets you, and you wont have to lift a finger for anything. They leave chocolates and bottled water in the room for you. The only very minor problem we encountered were the bed linens. The first night the pillows were dirty and the second night the linens were put on the bed not fully dried. Both problems were remedied. We really did not want to leave this place.	
Jul 1 2008 	slightly disappointing....	Overall, this was quite disappointing and did not live up to what I would usually expect from an Oberoi hotel. Views from the 8th floor room were simply stunning, but the room itself was old and tired. Breakfast, although similar menu to other Oberoi hotels, was tasteless. The 'famed' 360 coffee shop was pretty crapola... but the bar was excellent with a great wine and drinks list. (the Bloody Marys were far too good!). The pool, gym and spa were astounding and Harish in the beauty salon does a great pedicure! Very buzzy, seemed like a great place to meet friends or work colleagues. lots of casual meetings seemed to be going on.	
May 8 2008	new pool is really nice	I have stayed at the Oberoi several times and enjoyed it. The difference this time was that the new infinity pool has been opened - and it is really lovely though not very deep. Also there is a nice landscaped area around the pool, with sun loungers. If you sit there the staff will bring complimentary bottles of cold water.The &quot;old&quot; pool was closed as I think it is being re-done. But the indoor lap pool was still open.Two things I don't like about this hotel: the breakfast buffet is not a particularly good selection of food for the price charged, and the service at breakfast (bringing toast and butter) is pretty chaotic.Also the gym is too small for a hotel of this size, and it can be hard to get a machine early in the morning - and I was visiting during the off season.But all in all the Oberoi is a great hotel - very helpful and friendly staff, lovely rooms, and the 360 degree restaurant is fantastic (best pizza in town, for example).	
May 7 2008 	Good Quality Hotel	We stayed at the Oberoi Hotel at the beginning and end of our tour of North India and found the hotel to be a pleasant stay. We arrived early at the hotel and they arranged an early check with no issues. Breakfast had a good range and quality of food. The hotel is very business traveller orientated. The Italian restaurant was average, but of course hotel prices. The sunbathing/pool area was lovely, nice touch with the free water, suntan lotion and service button.The exterior of the hotel building does not do it justice inside. The location does not really allow you to wander around the local tourist sights.We also stayed at the Oberoi Hotel in Agra and Jaipur and they were far superior to Delhi on all accounts.	
Apr 21 2008 	Great Anniversary	We stayed at the Oberoi Delhi on the 8th April to celebrate our 1st year wedding anniversary as part of our 2 week tour visiting family.All I can say about this hotel is - the service is fantastic. We where picked up from my aunties house in a quality car, where we had cold towels and mineral bottles to cool us down.Once arriving at the hotel, we where greeted by the staff with such style as they used our surname, which I like as it's nice and personal. Once stepping into the hotel, was greeted with a nice Indian tradition where one staff heled a diva in her hand and wished me and my husband a prosper and happy life... We where taken straight up to our room where we had a complementary cake, champagne, flowers and chocolates - which again was such a nice surprise. After we checked in the premier suite, I had a appointment booked at the beauty salon - which I have no complain about. Following my treatment, me and my husband had a body scrub and massage booked at the Banyan Tree spa (we both huge fans of Banyan Tree - especially after experiencing Maldives Banyan Tree). All I can say is wow - amazing with no faults at all...We dined at the Chinese restaurant - where the food was lovely, they kindly let us on the terrace for a romantic stroll where we where over looking the whole of Delhi (well part of it). Overall the stay was lovely - will definite recommend you to stay at this hotel. The bar is very trendy - also if you like shopping they have Gucci,Louis Vutton, Dior in the hotel - which was great for me as my husband bought me the watch I have been eyeing up for while :) Pricey but if you can afford worth it. :)	
Apr 14 2008 	Really enjoyed our stay at the Oberoi	We have just returned from a trip to Rajasthan &amp; stayed at the Oberoi both at the start &amp; at the end of our trip, a total of 3 nights. The Oberoi is a real oasis of calm in the middle of hectic New Delhi and whilst it is a short taxi ride from Connought Place (the big shopping area) it does overlook a huge green space &amp; the Golf course, making it feel very peaceful. One side of the hotel does overlook a busy road, so make sure you ask for the golf course view!The service at the Oberoi is wonderful and very personalised, despite it being a large hotel, and we had excellent response to any query made of the staff. Whilst very elegant and beautifully appointed it is also quite casual &amp; trendy, and the wonderful restaurant is a big attraction to well to do Delhi young crowd, making it buzzy &amp; fun. Reception staff were great, gave us very good restaurant/shopping recommendations &amp; you feel at home from the moment you step out of the car to be welcomed by the smiling uniformed doormen.In a nutshell, we loved it at the Oberoi &amp; would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 7 2008 	Great modern hotel in Delhi	My wife and I were in New Delhi for New Year's Eve and stayed here. We've been to New Delhi many times, and this is by far the best hotel we have stayed at here. It's an excellent modern hotel with all the amenities you expect from an Oberoi property. The rooms are large, well decorated, and have flat screen TV.They also have great restaurants here. Taipan is rated the best in New Delhi - yummie Dim Sum. Three-Sixty has a great mix of cuisines - but the brunch buffet was over priced. We had wine at the enoteca, but did not try the cuisine.Not much nightlife in this hotel - very quiet and sedate. It is also a bit out of the way - the Taj Mansingh has a better location and nightlife. There is a Louis Vuitton store located in the shopping arcade.	
Jan 28 2008 	Great service lovely hotel	I have stayed at a number of hotels in New Delhi over the last five years, and would return first to the Oberoi. The service is excellent, the rooms nicely appointed, the pool and gym top quality, and the breakfast buffet the best around. The location is fine, with views of what is a surprisingly green expanse of city. The prices... well, prices in 5 stars in New Delhi are out of control, so no matter where you go, get ready to pay through the nose. But if you are paying, you should get the kind of serice the Oberoi provides.	
Dec 31 2007 	Nice business hotel in the city	Nice business hotel. Conveniently located next to Humayun's Tomb, which was one of the reasons we chose to stay here. The other reason was that we were going to the Amarvilas in Agra, and we booked car transfers between the two hotels.Very nice view from our room. Large and comfy room with all the amenities.	
Dec 16 2007 	Fabulous stay at the Oberoi	This is by far the nicest hotel I have stayed in. I was in New Delhi very briefly for business and enjoyed every minute I spent at the Oberoi.Little things in the room, like the pillow selection menu, showed that this hotel is always trying little things to improve the guests' experience. The bed is amazingly comfortable and the shower pressure was fabulous. The food was excellent - both Indian and Italian. When I wanted to go do a little sightseeing, the staff was very helpful about recommending what I could see in the little time I had. When I asked if I could walk to Humayun's Tomb (distance-wise, it's only 1/2 km), they said no because I would have to cross a main highway - and then called a metered taxi for me that took me there, waited for me for over an hour and drove me back - for about $2 plus tip. At other hotels I have stayed at in Delhi (this was my 3rd time there), I was pressured to take high-priced hotel cars, but the Oberoi was too classy to try that. And yes, it is very expensive. (And yes, despite the high cost, internet is an additional charge, which was the one thing I had a problem with). But, if you book online and get lucky, you can find a 'run of the house' rate that, well, is better than the usual rate... but still about $300.	
Dec 5 2007 	A nice hotel but outrageously expensive.	I stayed two nights in this hotel in November, 2007. The room was beautiful, the hotel was really nice for sort of a business-oriented hotel, but in no way was it worth the $550 I was charged one night, and the $700 I was charged another, the first night being booked over a month before I stayed there.The service of the hotel staff was excellent, ate at the hotel restaurant for breakfast and dinner and found it to be very good. But again, I'd say it's more of a $300 a night place at the rack rate that you should be able to get for less at a negotiated corporate rate.	
Dec 5 2007 	A great 5* hotel	We started our trip to India in this hotel and thought it wonderful. We had a large and very quiet room overlooking the golf course. The food in the restaurents was good and the service excellent.If we return to Delhi this is the only hotel we would consider staying in.	
Nov 19 2007 	Good hotel and helpful staff	I agree with previous reviewers that the hotel is excellent but more business-like than other Oberoi hotels. The view from our window was lovely - we could see nothing but forest (looking down we could see the pool). The staff were particularly helpful as I got ill with gastroenteritis. They called the doctor, and on our final day provided a room to rest in before our flight (for no charge) after we had checked out, and made sure they brought me tea and biscuits (which I could not drink or eat unfortunately). The restaurant seemed very good, and breakfast was excellent. All in all, I am glad I got sick at the end of my trip and in a hotel like the Delhi Oberoi.	
Nov 6 2007 	Fantastic experience but pricey	I have stayed at this hotel more than once. The best part of returning is that the staff address you by your name. The experience begins with the pick-up at Delhi airport, the car is always there on time and the driver has a sign with your name on it. There is drinking water in the car which is a big relief. The check-in takes less than a minute, they have all the details, all you have to do is sign and let them get an impression of your credit card. Someone shows you the room, explains how things work while the luggage comes up. The rooms are always clean, everything works. The staff are polite, discreet and very helpful. Wireless internet access is available in the rooms by the hour or by the day at moderate prices (compared to the room rate). Usually there are complimentary fruits in the room. The check-out is quick and hassle-free and the airport drop is ready on time.The only drawback is the price. During the winter (November to March), the room rates are so high as to be almost unaffordable.	
Oct 30 2007 	Haven in India	Stayed at the Oberoi on my first business visit to India starting a two week journey throughout the country. Began with a limo pickup at the airport which was a blessing since it is havoc at the airports. The driver was beautifully professional and very considerate of our needs. The hotel was a haven in the midst of chaos and humid 100 degree temperatures. We were greeted with incredibly hospitable doormen, staff at check-in and shown our beautiful room. The beds, facilities, television, bathroom and amenities are all first class and the service is impeccable.The restaurants in the hotel are world class and food is excellent which you have to be extremely careful of in India. Very modern decor, clean and excellent choice of foods to choose from.Would highly recommend anyone stay there without an ounce of hesitation. It is no doubt one of the best if not the best hotel in New Delhi.	
Oct 28 2007 	Very Nice Place	Went with a group to tour the golden triangle. This was a very nice place. Rooms were noce. Service was great. Loved the chocolate shop in the loby. Overall a very pleasent stay.	
Oct 9 2007 	A disappointing stay	We flew from Jodphur to New Delhi for an overnight stay before travelling on to Shimla the next day. Our trip had included stays in the Oberoi Mumbai and Udaivillas in Udaipur and so we assumed that this hotel would be of the same high standard. Sadly this was not the case.When we checked in it was chaotic to say the least, the pre printed details on their sheet were incorrect and they didn't seem to know what they were doing. We requested a non smoking room which they gave us, but the room left a great deal to be desired. The first thing that struck us was the musty/damp smell and the second thing was the bathroom which was tiny and tired looking with wonky light fittings etc. We resorted to spraying perfume in the air to try and alleviate the smell! Our room overlooked the road - not recommended. I queried with reception whether the room was a premier room and was assured that it was - I was not impressedWe ate in one of the restaurants - the service was at best chaotic and at worst inadequate, although to be fair the food was good.Our train left early in the morning and we were told that we could order a picnic lunch which we did via room service. When we collected it the following morning we were told that the food we had requested was not available and that we had been given a sandwich, muffin, drink and crips in lieu of breakfast........... very strange.All in all a very disappointing stay - thankfully for only one night. Had we been staying longer we would have moved to another hotel.	
Oct 8 2007 	Hmmmm	It may have been because the President of the Phillipinnes was staying at the hotel but i did experience problems; safe didnt work, lights kept being switched on and off and no explanation until i complained (electrician repairing fault by messing around with fusebox) emergency exit opened mistakenly, setting alarm off which resulted in security men shouting outside my room, aIrline rang hotel to confirm flight; left messages on voicemail and with reception, neither me or my colleagues got a single message!!!And finally, my room overlooked pool but the Filippino entourage hung out there to smoke late at night and crack of dawn talking very very loudly!On the positive;large bedroom, extemely comfortable bed, quiet effective air con. Excellent food and cocktails in 360 restaurant bar. Good value and high standard hotel car.(Better than rip off ITC Sheraton)Lobby area soulless, wouldnt recommend for single traveller	
Oct 8 2007 	Great location nice hotel	Had opportunity to stay at this very nice hotel on 3 seperate occasions in the space of 2 weeks and always found it to be a real haven in the bustle of Delhi. Location is great but get a room on the golf course side to avoid road noise (car horns). Rooms lovely, cool and well appointed. We were holidaying and not there on business and made good use of the pool, cafe, restaurants - especially Threesixty which has great contemporary food and ambience, and the designer shops. The staff were very helpful with all our arrangements. The location is great, close to Khan Market which is a great shopping area. Hotel organised a taxi for us so we didn't need to use hotel car and three hours cost around 300Rs! Nice to have the taxi waiting for you and willing to take you anywhere. Really liked this hotel and would definately stay here again.	
Oct 3 2007 	Competent business hotel	This hotel has none of the boutique feel of the Oberoi chain's other properties, and is very much a business hotel, with a lobby that is permanently full of suited Australians to drive home the point. However, as business hotels go, this is one of the better ones I have stayed in. The rooms themselves are indistinguishable from those of any other large corporate hotel, but they are clean, adequately proportioned and supplied with all the usual ameneties. Views are either of the golf course or of a busy road with Humayun's tomb in the (far) distance, and are nothing to write home about. The restaurants are all very good, and the pool is generally neat and clean, and large enough to easily absorb a large number of guests and still leave room for a proper swim.The hotel's really standout quality, however, is its staff, who suffer from none of the aloof surliness that I have come to associate with this class of hotel. A more charming and helpful group of people it would be hard to find, which is all the more surprising given the hotel's policy of actively discouraging tipping.	
Sep 5 2007 	Good Oberoi	Oberoi is one of the best properties in Delhi and which is why we decided to stay there this time. In the past, we have stayed at newer properties likes Hilton, Le-Meridien and Shangri-La.Oberoi is a happening place compared to some of the other comparable hotels. Despite its poor entrace approach, it is a bustling place. Service is good but more business like - you are served well but it lacks the warmth of eastern hospitality. Restaurants are good but not exceptional as you would expect at a place like this. Coffe shop is extremely over-rated - quality is average but the service is poor - they don't even have decent coffee cups to cary your drinks. Chines restaurant, Taipen, is good.ah - also watch out of breakfast charges that show-up on your bill when you checkout even when the breakfast was complimentry.	
Aug 24 2007 	You must stay here !	I have very high standards and am easily disappointed by most so called 5 star hotels . This I happily have to say is the exception , you won't find one flaw in Oberoi's product , from the bloke at the door to the lady who takes your room service order excellent five star service . The views are wonderful over Delhi's parkland , the pool area is spacious and clean and staff are always on hand to ensure you enjoy your stay . Although in a modern building there is no getting away from the fact you are in the capital city of India , tasteful decoration and aterfacts from around the country add to the ambience of the hotel .We tried three of the four restaurants and the choice and food quality is excellent .I highly recommend staying here on you Business or Pleasure visits to Delhi .	
Aug 23 2007	Can't recommend it enough	We arrived here after traveling from NZ via KL before starting our journey on the Palace on Wheels tour (different review). Staff in the Oberoi were attentive and went the extra mile. And no tipping allowed! The buffet breakfast was fantastic. We also ate here on the evening and I ate a la carte and my husband had a buffet. Both were excellent.It was our 25th wedding anniversary and they had put huge bouquets of flowers and a cake in our room. It was a lovely surprise. We always stay in 5 star hotels and this is an excellent hotel. Definitely 5 star plus.	
Aug 22 2007 	A Classy Hotel but quite pricey	The Oberoi Hotel in New Delhi is located in a very pleasant and quite area of the city. Have stayed here a few times and this time I found the hotel somewhat expensive, especially for food (Chinese restaurant on top is very overpriced for very average food). The bar was also expensive even by European standards(USD 10 equiv for a pint of draft local beer). The fitness center and outdoor pool are excellent - among the best. Rooms are nicely furnished and very comfortable. And the staff service is exceptional.	
Aug 19 2007	The Best!	I've stayed at the Oberoi several times for business visits to Delhi; it is one my my 3 favorite hotels in the world. I can't say enough good things: the service is truly outstanding; the restaurants are wonderful (especially love the breakfast); the gym is state of the art; a good large pool. it's an oasis of peace and quiet amid a sometimes exhausting city. Get a room overlooking the golf course if possible.	
Jul 6 2007 	Nicest taxi-drivers are at the Oberoi!	We had a wonderful experience one evening when I took two young kids to the large Sikh temple in Delhi - our taxi driver from the Oberoi happened to be a Sikh and he personally gave us a tour of the temple. He was clearly very proud of the temple (rightfully so - it's beautiful!) and showed us where to check our shoes, helped the kids with their headscarves (there's a basket of these for visitors), got us going in the right direction, explained the significance of the sacred books and walked us around the stunning, enormous pool which was surrounded by a marble pillored courtyard. The kids loved it and our experience was made so much richer because of the kindness of our driver.Okay, back to the review of the hotel!Our room (252) was very nice, albeit not huge. Service was sparkling. The business center and gym state-of-the-art. I could've sat in the threesixty bar and just people-watched all day! All manner of interesting and beautiful people seemed to meet at the Oberoi for breakfast/lunch/dinner/drinks/functions. The only drawback of this hotel is that you can't walk anywhere from it. It's an island surrounded by busy roads. But the taxis are cheap and plentiful. We also rented a car and driver for an afternoon (booked through the concierge) and that made shopping/sightseeing very convenient!Did someone say shopping? The Oberoi is near the Khan market which has several fun shops (Anokhi, FabIndia, Good Earth) as well as pharmacy, English bookstore and toy shop (found a great Indian Barbie here - complete with sari and bhindi - she made a nice gift for a friend's little girl in America!)One tip - if you arrive at the Delhi domestic airport and are not on your own, have one person get the luggage while you get the taxi ticket from the taxi kiosk inside the baggage hall. This will save you having to wait in a long line. A non a/c taxi to the Oberoi cost us 200 rupees.	
May 7 2007 	World class hotel	This is a truly good hotel, a real five star from the rooms, to the food, to the service. Admittedly, I was a little disappointed on arrival to discover that the hustle and bustle of central Delhi's street life was not on my doorstep. However, after experiencing the full-on bedlam of the tourist haunts it was a delight to be able to retreat to the relative tranquility and superb air conditioning of the Oberoi and slip into its cool pool. The downside is there is nowhere to walk to in the evening but the hotel has a taxi rank of trusted drivers who use meters and will whisk you to the bright lights for around 100 rupees plus tip or you can often find an auto rickshaw outside the gates, the price of which you should negotiate ruthlessly before getting in. As a guide, I negotiated 50 rupees and dropped a decent tip. I asked the hotel to arrange a car to pick me up from the airport and was glad I did. At midnight it was bedlam but the hotel's friendly and serene airport representative greeted me from the flight, showed me to the car and I was on my way within minutes. Having arrived tired and minus baggage it was worth every penny not to have to run the gammut of touts and negotiations. Hotel check in was warm and efficient, the room beautifully decorated and equipped, including tea/coffee making facilities, a hair dryer and a powerful hot shower and that was just the deluxe room. Surprisingly, no iron/board but there is a one hour pressing service that won't break the bank. Staff were not only courteous and efficient but were genuinely friendly, often stopping to chat and enquire how I was. Great restaurants in the hotel, too and plenty of them, including Chinese, Indian and Italian, with the 360d restaurant offering a more varied menu. The breakfast buffet was very good. As well as the pastries, cereals and fresh fruits there is also a full cooked breakfast buffet. The 360d also offers an excellent lunchtime buffet that covers everything from Japanese Sushi, to Meditteranean, to a variety of regional Indian dishes which were particularly yummy and a great way to try out new foods from the host country. Some of the dishes on its evening menu were truly inspired but there is also plenty of choice if you want something simple. The bar and restaurants appear to be a favoured hangout of Delhi's wealthier classes and watching the social interactions is fascinating for the people watchers among us. Would I choose the Oberoi again? Without hesitation.	
Apr 2 2007	bad location	Overall: good hotel but awful locationRoom: We arrived late and went to bed quickly - but no way to find sleep... our room was facing the highway with much traffic (as half of the hotel rooms) ... after a night without sleep we claimed and were moved to a room facing the garden/golf court for the 2nd night which was wonderfully quiet. The room itself was well kept and nicely decorated as you would expect from a 5* The lady at the reception was very professional. The restaurant is in the cellar () but food and service was excellent. The Spa is ok but nothing special (I had an average massage) Generally the hotel is a bit far away of the interesting parts of Delhi and I would suggest to spend a bit more and go to the Imoperial.	
Mar 29 2007	A very good experience: I recommend	The Oberoi is expensive, even for Delhi, but it is classy and the staff are very very nice.The pool is just great-beautifully clean, cool water-I dove in after a great steam in the men's locker room.The health club is a bit small, but great equipment, all clean and latest issue.The food at the 360 restaurant is expensive, but very tasty.It is peaceful at The Oberoi.We enjoyed it.	
Mar 13 2007 	great hotel	We stayed at the Oberoi in March with 2007 with our 4 and 2 year olds and found the hotel excellent and the staff exceptionally friendly and helpful. A special mention goes to the Concierge Parikshit who admirably organised a number of our travel arrangements beforehand through email correspondence.Throughout the hotel everything was clean and well maintained. The room we had was no exception and had a great view over the city including Humayans Tomb.Western and Indian food was well prepared and very tasty. There was also plenty to feed the children.The airport transfers were efficiently arranged and the cars modern and clean. The only gripe we had was the car transfers the hotel arranged for us to and from the railway station which involved quite a few frought moments.This is a Western style business hotel so dont stay here if you want the 'real India' but all in all a super hotel which we will stay at again.	
Mar 10 2007	Pretty Good!	I typically like staying in the Oberoi chain. This one was no exception. The rooms were well-appointed, albeit old. Wifi was good and strong. Bathrooms were well maintained. The best part of the hotel is the fitness area - the pool is beautiful, spa is great, fitness centre very well equipped and a nice 20m indoor pool. My only grouse is that Oberoi hotels should start putting LCD TVs in their rooms.	
Mar 2 2007 	Superb hotel.	The Oberoi pays attention to detail. Everything is done extremely well. Service is superlative. The restaurants are excellent. The rooms are beautifully decorated. The staff is unbelievably well trained. The business center is run flawlessly. The gym and spa are fantastic. I could go on and on about this hotel.	
Feb 19 2007	A Very Pleasant Experience	I was expecting a great stay at this hotel because of it's reputation and we were not disappointed.The service we received was outstanding. Highlights for me were the Italian restaurant, a superb meal as good as the best in Italy, the buffet breakfast and the pastry shop.A choice of pillows with different fillings and bulk was a nice touch. The travel shop downstairs was very helpful and friendly and sorted out my onward travel in India. The hotel is in a good location for the sights.The only downside for me was that there was some noise from the road which was a little intrusive.	
Jan 17 2007	Great Hotel Awesome service	We stayed at The Oberoi over christmas specially to check out the Spa, which is run by Banyan tree. The experience was simply amazing. Buffet Lunch at Threesixty restaurant was value for money and service was good. Must visit the Chinese resaturant on the rooftop - good ambience and a great view on the city. Our room was overlooking the golf course and very comfortable.	
Jan 2 2007 	the hotel of my dreams	this is the hotel of my dreams...perfect in every way...I would come back here just to be pampered, use the spa, and feel like I am a Maharaja. Has the best Chinese restaurant I have ever been in. Great service throughout the hotel	
Dec 31 2006 	OK but not 5 star service.	Just returned from a trip to India. Stayed at the Oberoi for 2 nights. Over all a pretty good hotel, but certaily not 5 stars. Service was lacking. When I arrived to check-in around 11pm was informed that my room on the 7th floor was ready. Since my brother was also staying there- on the 4th floor, I asked if it was possible to get a room on his floor. I was informed that there were no rooms available on his floor and that I could get a room on the 3rd floor. I declined this offer. I was handed the key-card and made my way up to the 7th floor, only to discover that I had been given &quot;keys&quot; to a room on the 3rd floor. When I went back to the front desk, the staff, including duty manager Sharda, insisted that there never was a room on the 7th floor for me (even though the receptionist had earlier, taken out a folder with my name and 7th floor room number on it)! Well, that was there story and they stuck to it! The lack of honesty was quite dissappointing! Otherwise, great location, decent rooms (somewhat worn), and average service. Would try the Shangri-La next time.	
Dec 28 2006 	Loved the Oberoi!!!	Excellent hotel and great location in Delhi. Impeccable service -- the best I have ever experienced AND the staff is not waiting around for a tip (gratuities are given at the end of the stay). Excellent Indian cuisine and superb breakfast buffet. The spa facilities were outstanding (practically new -- four months old), but the massages were lacking. The rooms were nice but needed updating. Expensive but worth the splurge especially for a foreigner on a first trip to Delhi. All the Western amenities are offered. Louis Vuitton and other chic boutiques are located in the hotel. I highly, highly recommend the Oberoi, New Delhi. I look forward to staying at an Oberoi on my next trip to India.	
Dec 5 2006	Oberoi New Dilhi	New Delhi: The Oberoi New DelhiNovember 2006Tripadvisor member from UKThis Hotel was outstanding.The Service above expectations and the food delicious. Definately try the Italian restaurant at the hotel.Rooms were immaculate especially the Suites which were the best I have stayed in for a very long time.Staff very friendly. This hotel, in my opinion is better than Maurya Sheriton which is supposed to be the best in the city.Expect to pay a lot more than other 5* hotels.	
Oct 4 2006 	Okay hotel...	One of main reason that I stayed in this hotel is for business because it's close to our off shore office in New Delhi. This is the second time I've stayed in this hotel and it has gotten slightly better since they have added a new spa and gym.Checking in takes a little bit of time. The room are dated and needs renovation and bathroom needs a REALLY good scrubing! I wished they had update the rooms instead of adding the new spa and gym (even though I've used the spa and the gym which is TOTALLY different experience than the room and if they had updated the rooms to that of the spa, I would've gave an excellent rating). Breakfast is good but takes time to get what was ordered and staff seems a little lost half the time and seems like they need training considering this is a 5 star hotel!Only if they could just upgrade to the current 5 star standard in ALL areas....	
Sep 23 2006 	Perfect hotel-stay here!	My husband and I stayed at the Oberoi for 2 nights. The Oberoi is a fantastic hotel. The service is impeccable, with the Oberoi staff going out of their way to be helpful. The rooms are beautiful and the pool alone is worth the stay. The spa is the ultimate in luxury (I had the Oberoi massage). Also, we ate twice at the 360 restaurant and the food is fabulous. Room service is the same price as eating in the restaurant, which is nice for a change.We started our holiday at the Claridges Hotel and then switched to the Oberoi and we wish we'd just paid a bit more and stayed only at the Oberoi. There is no comparison between the two and it is well worth the money.	
Aug 22 2006 	The best in New Delhi by far.	The Oberoi New Delhi was a heaven of peace and tranquility far from busy and polluted roads of the city. New Delhi was the first stop in my tour celebrating our first wedding anniversary. We arrived late at night on arrival we were welcomed by the Oberoi people in the airport and were transferred to the hotel. Just filled a from and were shown to our room.It was modern, cozy and was nicely furnished. The bathroom has a bathtub and good water pressure. Our room faced the gold course, nice view.The staff were nice and welcoming. My wife tried the SPA which was run by Banyan Tree, she was thrilled, and not to mention it was fairly cheap, about US$ 50 per one hour session.In the time I was there the Oberoi was expanding their SPA and there was some building work going on, this did not disturb us at all.I was really amazed on how the staff took every gust personally asking them about there preferences and their experience in the city.A very fine hotel indeed, long live the Oberoi!	
Jun 8 2006	Enjoyed our stay at the Oberoi New Delhi	The service at at the Oberoi was excellent, starting from being greeted by a hotel rep at the airport and then driven to the hotel in one of their fleet of cars. Their reception staff, bellboys, concierge and drivers were all courteous and helpful.The food was excellent at both their Indian and Chinese restaurants. At the 360 restaurant, the breakfast buffet was very nice and by night, its a happening place to be, with the young, affluent people of New Delhi having drinks, sushi and pizzas from their wood-fired oven.On our return to New Delhi, after 10 days in India, the Oberoi staff met us right in front of our train car window, on the platform, to take us to the hotel. The new spa and gym had just opened up; the spa was gorgeous and the gym was very well equipped.We thought it was a great hotel for us, just pleasure travellers, but it also seemed like a busy business hotel. We'd definitely stay there again.	
May 12 2006	Not as good as we hoped.	We stayed here in Feb 2006. On arrival at 3 am we were told that they didnt have the 2 rooms we had booked as they were full. We( 2 adults and our 15 and 12 year old kids) had to share a room with (uncomfortable) put- you- up beds for the kids. Not the best start! We ate at the 360 degree restaurant for the buffet lunch the next day- the food was really fabulous but it was HUGELY expensive- it was the most expensive meal we had in our trip, and that I have ever had while in India. We ate at night in the hotel's Indian restaurant ( which was complimentary because of the fact we had had to share a room the previous night). The food there was disappointing. The bedrooms were clean and well decorated as were the bathrooms. A problem with the kids toilet was quickly fixed. The staff were all very helpful. The lobby area is attractive. The shops are top end, and expensive.Overall it was fine- but I will not stay there again. We stayed at The Claridges on a previous trip, and even although its not as upmarket as The Oberoi, I found it more relaxed, better value for money, and would stay there in preference.	
Apr 18 2006	Good but not the best	I recently stayed in the Oberoi for two nights and had overall an enjoyable and pleasant stay.My room was on the 16th floor with very nice views over the Marine Drive and the sea. The room was of average room size, was very clean, tidy and comfortable. The furniture seemed outdated and a bit old fashioned. The same applies to the bathroom.Staff at the hotel, including the very efficient and friendly buttler were polite, helpful and accommodating. I was dissapointed by the small and unimanigative pool area, squeezed between the Oberoi and it's sister hotel, the Hilton Towers. The Hilton pool at least is larger and the area does not feel so squashed.There is a variety of restaurants and bars in the Oberoi. It is also possible to use all outlets of the Hilton next door.I tried some of the outlest and was highly impressed with the Champagne lunch at the Italian fine dining restaurant at the Oberoi. Starters and deserts are chosen from a buffet, whilst soup, pasta and main course are chosen from a large menu.The food was outstanding and I enjoyed every single course. Champagne, Wine and Vodka as well as certain soft drinks are included. The price tag for the lunch is rather hefty (INR 3000 - roughly USD 65) but the meal combined with the super effiecient and friendly service as well as the live jazz music make this a well worth it treat.I also tried the Tepanyaki dinner at India Jones and enjoyed this a lot as well.Overall the Oberoi is a pleasant, comfortable and enjoyable place to stay in New Delhi. However, compared to some of the Super Deluxe properties like the Rajvillas in Jaipur, this hotel does not live up to what I would have imagined.	
Apr 3 2006	Could have been better	Belonging to the generally hyped Oberoi chain, we had greater expectations from this hotel but was disappointed with the result. The service quality was mediocre, with the staff rude and unhelpful. We informed the front desk about our morning departure at 10.00 am the night before and were disturbed three times starting from 08.00 am, twice by the minibar staff and once by the housekeeping to let us out. The rooms were small, amenities standard and the comfort level average. Nevertheless, compared to other New Delhi hotels, Oberoi seems a better choice despite the negative factors.	
Feb 28 2006	Very Nice Hotel	I recently spent 3 nights at the Oberio in New Delhi. From airport pickup to checkout, it was an extremely pleasant experience. The rooms were very nice with comfortable beds and extremely clean (not like the Imperial). The concierge desk was very helpful arranging tours with a hotel car which were new Toyota cars with leather seating and great A/C. Having stayed at the Imperial and Taj Palace on this trip I can say that the Oberio's rooms were far superior to the others.	
Feb 7 2006	Good but not great	The Oberoi hotel is nice, but for the rates they charge, I have to wonder if it is worth it. My room was nicely decorated, but small. The bathroom tub was not working properly and when I called to get it fixed it took at least one hour before someone came to fix it. Also, they did not fix it properly. 360 restaurant is a pleasant retreat from the rest of the hotel. The food is good and so is the atmosphere. I had a massage at the spa and it was nice, but the showers and common area were not as clean as I would have preferred. I told the front staff and they sent someone to clean the locker room area, but still I did not feel comfortable using the showers. Overall, the hotel is elegant in its own way, but the staff seemed to want to charge you for any assistance they provide. This is a good hotel to stay in if you are familiar with New Delhi and are not looking for geographical convenience.	
Feb 4 2006	Business Hotel	In the price range and star rating, hotel stay was just above average. Room size was rather small compared to other hotels I've stayed in SE Asia. Pool wasn't very attractive and needs to be updated. No gift shop but &quot;high-end&quot; stores for shopping. Limo from airport to hotel was $55US. Taxi would be 10% of that. On the positive side: Butler sevice was very attentive. Food was very good. Buffet breakfast was 800 rupees. Coffee an extra 225 Rs. Lunch was 1500 Rs. Not recommended for families or tourist as its rather out of the way (although a short cab ride) from the city center. Stayed in other Obeori's in India with better sized rooms.	
Dec 5 2005	Very nice hotel	The executive floor (7th?) was very nice with a butler and an adequately sized room. The front desk and service are all very good although the butler was unable to solve the wi-fi connectivity problem and attributed it to a &quot;firewall&quot; in my laptop. The gym is nice but has old treadmills - only two - but very attentive staff.food in the lobby restaurant was very good but the staff misled me with regard to availability of non-smoking tables - they have only three stuck in a corner. When I came in to eat they ushered me to a regular area saying that there would not be smoke only to find within a half-hour that there was a pall heading my way,Concierge is very good and they arranged a car at short notice - exceptionally good driver.	
Nov 12 2005 	Great comfort and peace in a chaotic city	It was my first time to India and I was lucky to have been lodged at the Oberoi by my employer. The bed was incredibly comfortable, which helped counter the jet lag. The restaurants were very good, and one of them was trendy and a pleasure to have breakfast in.The hotel's gym has two treadmills, two stationary bycicles, one rowing machine, and two elliptical training machines, as well as Nautilus machines and dumbbells. There is a small spa as well as a nice swimming pool.There is also a small bookstore where you can get gifts to bring back home if you don't have time to shop. There is also a Louis Vuitton shop.The hotel is not located in the center of things. In that sense, I would rather have stayed at the Imperial Hotel or Le Meridien where I could have walked to Connaught Place in the evening after business meetings were over.The only sour note comes from the checkout. The computers were down, and when I reviewed the faxed bill, they had overcharged me by $10 for things I did not take from the minibar on the last night of my stay.Other than that, it is highly recommendable for business travelers, but a bit boring if you are a tourist.	
Oct 24 2005 	Good Business Hotel	Spent 6 nights for business in Executive Suite at rate of $350 USD per night. As a point of reference, I travel world wide frequenlty and typically select higher end hotels. This was my 4th visit to India so I am very familiar with typical business accomodations, culture and potential language barriers.2 room suite consisted of living area with table for 4, wet/mini bar, sofa, chair, coffee table, cabinet with 27&quot; tv and dvd player and a desk with fax machine. Bedroom area was king size bed (very comfortable), another 27&quot; TV, dresser and dual closets. Bath was standard with single sink, tub/shower combination and commode. By business suite standards I would say that the room was cramped with too much furniture and decoration to be functional. The bathroom was also very small and would have been a challenge for 2 people to share. View from the room was over looking pool and partial golf course. Overall space was average for a suite and bathrooms in particular should be larger.Service at this hotel for the most part is top notch. Suite comes with very accomodating butler service 24 hours per day. Front desk, concierge, cashier and business center were all very helpful with any inquiries or needs. I had 2 experiences with the hotel lounges and both were average. 1st night, we ordered a bottle of wine and wanted menus for food - had to ask three times to get the menus and waited about 15 minutes when requesting the bill. Also went to the piano lounge one night about 30 minutes before closing and felt as though the bartender wanted to go home instead of serving drinks. Our drinks were served with a clear &quot;last call&quot; message.The spa at the Oberoi was outstanding. I had 4 massages over the course of my stay and every therapist was very professional and went out of their way to make you comfortable. The facilitites themselves were nice but the main attraction is the treatments themselves. Great value and service provided. Workout facilities were also very nice.Pool area was beautiful and very well kept. Security is more than adequate with guards on each floor at night as well as throughout the hotel and grounds. Overall, I was statisfied with my stay and would reccomend the hotel for business travelers. I only saw the standard room from the hallway but it looked to be satisfactory as well. I am not able to comment on the location for tourism as I visit 2-3 times per year and only work during my visits. Hotel is about 40 mintes from the airport and in an affluent part of Delhi.I would stay at the Oberoi again but if the room itself is important, you may want to consider the The Grand. Although in the same price range for a business suite, the room is far superior. Service, location and facilities however, are not as good as the Oberoi.	
Oct 18 2005	A very good business hotel		
Oct 9 2005	Great city hotel		
Sep 29 2005	Great Service		
Sep 8 2005	Brilliant way to begin a visit to India		
Jun 4 2005	good base in New Dehli		
May 10 2005	A Charming Elegant Hotel		
May 6 2005	Good But Spotty Service		
Apr 30 2005 	The one to beat in delhi		
Feb 9 2005	Luxurious Hotel Duff service!		
Nov 28 2004	Telephone charges!!!		
Aug 5 2008 	Hôtel très décévant		
