Nov 20 2009 	great service	Picked me up at the airport as stated very nice. Arranged taxis to show me around city. Excellent room service. Incredibly helpful staff. Complimentary breakfast and internet use. Felt very safe and enjoyed my stay	
Oct 14 2009 	basic budget hotel	I booked at this hotel because they arranged what sounded like reliable taxi service. I came in late and left early. I could have made the taxi arrangements myself but was pleased to have someone else do it. Was also pleased that the arrangements were on time. I'm disappointed that budget hotels in Delhi are pretty highly priced compared to other places in the world and for the amenities they offer. This is a budget hotel. You'll get what you pay for (according to Delhi rates).Nevertheless, the hotel delivered what they said they would: taxi service (priced higher than if I would have arranged it myself but that's o.k.), wake up call, and agreed upon room price. That all goes a long way.	
Jun 19 2009 	nice place to stay when coming to Delhi	That was my first visit to Delhi.I arranged with Brother Naresh ( that s how we call each other now ! ) through Internet . Room nice , services nothing to complain about, very friendly staff, especially Mr Kashmeera , the Driver , and the night security . Friendly advices from the Boss who is around almost round the clock ! . The nearby snack , OMELETTE , is fantastic and nice staff very helpful. In brief , I had a pleasant stay at this place in Delhi.Thank you Brother Naresh , you made my Delhi trip a memorable one . I will come back next year . from Brind Rambhojun , Mauritius , tel [--].	
Apr 28 2009 	Meghagood	When I first came into the hotel, I was bedazzled. It was more than I expected. It was nice, and why? First things first, the reception are energetic towards their customers and are ready to offer help. Second, the rooms are small but comfortable and the beds are enought o make you sleepy in the cold winter nights of Delhi. The owner of the hotel is a firendly man and he would arrange car services whenever tourists want a tour of the city. When it comes to Delhi, the owner of Megha Sheraton can give the guests valuable advice and has access to the latest information about Delhi and himself having connections and friendships with high-ranking people in India's capital.The only negative feeling I experienced is that the bellboys can hover around you for quite a long time and expecting guests to take their services for the sake of tips. But I guess this is common in India. Other than that, the boys can be helpful and ready to talk to you in case of service. Also, the television can have some antenna problems and hot water can be limited during the winter season but the television has great programmes and one can feel relaxed after a nice hot bath. Overall, this hotel is a great stay for those visiting Delhi with helpful hotel staff and a caring owner. This great place is ideal for backpackers, small families, couples and even business people. Besides, it is wlakign distance to some good local restaurants and sidewalk shops.	
Feb 4 2009 	Megha cool	Hotel Megha Sheraton is a really nice place to stay for some days in Dehli. The rooms are clean and full equiped. The staff is friendly. The boss is a nice and friendly man who give good advices and organise really interesting tours with car and driver.	
Nov 21 2008 	great meghas	Cordial service and exemplary care, they have their own cook upstairs . order in service by telling them to get what you want.prices are reasonable. ramsriram1@gmail.com willl be glad to answer any question you have. dont forget to try some fresh pomegranate juice from the stall next door. if you have problem with tel services go to the counter and ask for help. check with naresh bhatia for special service.	
Nov 10 2008 	Freindly and customer oriented	The hotel staff is friendly. The prices are very reasonable. They didn’t try to charge higher even though they realize I’m foreigner. Room condition is average. WIFI is available only in the reception area and first floor rooms. In-house trip arrangements facilities are there for very reasonable prices.	
Sep 13 2008 	A Most Pleasant Experience	After a recommendation from a friend in Hobart, Tasmania, Australia, I contacted Mr Naresh Bhatia via email. His response was prompt and we booked in for a period of two weeks, including our stay here and tours of Haridwar/Rishikesh and Agra/Jaipur/Pushkar. Mr Bhatia's professionalism, ambience, support and efficiency are most commendable. The hotel staff are also most friendly and efficient. Our tour guide/driver Mr Kashmira is most reliable, helpful and trustworthy. We had a fantastic time and I recommend Mr Bhatia's service and tour arramngement to all visitors to Delhi.	
Jul 23 2008	don t go there!!!	dont go there!!!you will pay 55$ per night....that s crazy!!! you can find a better place for 5-10$ per night like in Pahar ganj..we were really desapointed by this hotel, people were not nice, we didn t see any internet cafe and no breakfast!!the pick up from airport was free but they try to ask for money...hopefully i had print the e-mail where they told me it was free!!it was such a crapy place, dirty room with cocroaches everywhere!!!please, find anothere place... this is a real bad place!!!	
Mar 18 2008 	Free Airport Transfers at the Megha Sheraton	Megha Sheraton is a standard Indian business class hotel. The same company owns two other hotels in the area. I stayed for 4 days, which gave me free pick-up and drop at Delhi Airport. This bonus was the main reason for choosing the hotel for my first few nights in Delhi. The driver was waiting at the airport (very useful as many international flights arrive and leave late at night) so I could avoid the taxi touts. The hotel is well located, being within easy walking distance of the inexpensive and efficient Delhi Metro, though it wasn't well known by taxi drivers (get a hotel card). The affable manager will make tour arrangements for you in advance if you wish (I took a day trip to Agra, and a bus tour of Delhi). The free breakfast is offered at the Madonna Hotel just around the corner. The hotel isn't as well maintained as it should be, but I found in the next 6 weeks that that is a common problem with hotels in India. It was reasonably clean. I paid US$55 per night with breakfast and the free airport transfers. Contact from the website and e-mails are responded to promptly.	
Mar 7 2008	Delhi Trip	Excillent service was provided by hotel staff,Hotel is centerly located close from allmost everthing. Room was cleaned and comfort with air and hot water .All the ture was well planed and not so costly at all .	
Feb 13 2008 	Sure To Return	The hotel rate in India especially in Delhi is getting higher and higher due to an economic boom. However, this hotel (I stayed 3 nights at Hotel Megha Sheraton) offers much higher standard than the average hotel with such room rate could offer. Staff are very kind and hard working. The hotel arranged the efficient tour for me who stayed and visited many places for a short time. Especially for me who is looking for the best investment places in Delhi and suburban area like Gurgaon, Noida as well as Ghaziabad, I am very much thankful for hotel owner's advice and very reasonable cost to hire the car. The cost of hiring car with good drivers was much lower than all other hotel could provide. I could save my money quite a lot. I really thank for owner Mr. Naresh and I promise I return again with my son.NY and son	
Feb 6 2008 	Serviceable	They picked us up at the airport...the first big plus. Would not want to negotiate taxi at night to unusual location at Delhi airport.When I booked on the internet site, they said Mehga was full, so pushed us into the Madonna for the first night, which is more expensive. However, the rooms are identical. Then we switched back to Megha. It might have been a ploy to feel the Madonna. The rooms were pretty clean . The breakfast was pretty good. The location is great. In a pretty wealthy area, but it wont look like that if its your first stop in India. They arrange taxi. Also, its a short walk to the metro, which we found more fun as being on foot frees you from the tricky taxi drivers and allows you to see more of the street life. I would recommend doing the inner city sites by metro and foot. Its a very safe city once you realise that there are always a thousand eyes watching each other.The room was quite pricey for what you get (even by 2 star 1st world standards) and especially so compared to the rrest of india. But that is Delhi unfortunately. Would I go back? Probably, mainly b/c the rest of the stuff in the price range sounds terrible and b/c of the good location and b/c I felt safe. P.S. The rooms at Megha and Madonna are identical in quality...there is just a higher price at Madonna and a tacky but newer foyer. Also, I got bitten by bed bugs at the Madonna hotel the one night we stayed.	
Feb 6 2008	Budget traveller	It was through my elder brother's recommendation that i considered Mega Hotels in Delhi. Being a budget traveller, i came to Mega Sheraton and to my amazement found it to be really really good. The rooms were clean, spaceous and averagely decorated. The hotel has got all the facilities -Cable TV, phone, tour packages, laundry &amp; room service etc. The staff are well mannered and informative. The Best aspect about the Mega Hotels as compared to any other hotels in Delhi is the entertaining, friendly , warm ,cooperative and helpful persona of Mr. Naresh Bhatia! Understanding my student budget restraints , he expertly come up with a complete 11 days detailed tour plan that made my very first travel experience of India to be thrilling and memorable! All in all for budget travellers - do not hesistate to stay at Mega Sheraton and for VIP's i recommend Mega Madonna!!	
Feb 5 2008 	Fine enough for cheap Delhi hotel	I have mixed feelings on this hotel... On the plus side - it was cheap, which is tougher and tougher to find in Delhi; they picked us up from the airport right on time, which can not be overvalued, especially early, early morning; they arranged a good sightseeing tour for us that was such a nice surprise; they had a TV; the manager was really friendly and personally helpful; it was reasonably clean.On the negative side, and most of these are to be expected at this price point... the bed was a rock (common in India); the street was loud (seems like all of Delhi is); the bathroom was dirty-ish (no where near western standards); the food was the worst we had in all of India, by far.That being said, I'd probably stay there again... for ~$60us, it probably can not be beat in delhi.	
Jan 28 2008 	Hotel Megha Sherathon is a very nice place to stay in delhi	We are very happy to know this place, because it is so calm and clean. Since several years we always stay in Megha Sheraton Hotel, because we like the promp and reliable service and the feeling of beeing secure, it feels for us like coming home.Thank you very much to the owner Mr. Bhathia, who is always open to help and very friendly.We heartly can recomment this place	
Jan 17 2008 	basic and noisy but very helpful owner	this hotel is in quite a run down area, it was very basic the room was clean but the sheets were quite stained, bring a sleeping bag if going to budget hotels in india!! walls are thin and hotels very noisy!!the owner was lovely and very helpful giving us tips on what to expect in delhi. breakfast is served at the neighbouring hotel madonna, it was slow service and far from desirable food! location is not too bad at the end of the road is karol bagh and the metro which leads to connaught place, the metro is cheap 8rupees and easy to use aswell as suprisingly clean and modern. this hotel isnt great and you can get better for your money, such as hotel broadway.	
Jan 16 2008	Megha Sheraton	I always believe that the best stay in Delhi is a short stay in Delhi. The Megha Sheraton was convenient as far as that account went. They did a nice job arrange for an airport pickup for my parents after their international flight, and were courteous and helpful throughout the stay.Karol Bagh was a little out of the way and hard to access by taxi in the middle of the day, which was a bit of a draw back, particularly when shlepping across traffic, after a rickshaw wallah just gave up trying to get us back there.	
Dec 29 2007 	Depending on the price could be a good value	Pluses: the hotel is clean, and the rooms have comfortable beds, tv, and some basic amenities. The location -- unknown to me from my previous visits to Delhi-- is actually pretty pleasant. It is a short cab ride to attractions, and the neighborhood has many shops and services that you can walk to while being (amazing!) pretty much free of touts and hawkers -- one of the most normal areas of Delhi I've stayed in.The staff was extremely helpful to me, and the breakfast was very nice. There were a few dubious things -- when I asked them for a cab to the airport, they offered me one for $12, but when I later booked one on my own for 400 rupees, they told me that they could arrange one for 350.Minuses: the public areas of the hotel are pretty shabby-looking.Room walls are thin, so you get noise both from the street and from other guests. It was cold at night, and the room had no heat (although perhaps they would have brought me a heater if I had asked). The bathroom worked well-enough, but there were some oddities (why is there a large bucket underneath the shower head?). If you are in Delhi between flights, then you shouldprobably pick a hotel that is closer to the airport.My impression is that this hotel was once terrible, and thatit has gotten much better under new management. It still has some ways to go until it is actually nice, butI was satisfied with my stay. They delivered exactly what they promised, at the price (60 US) that I had been looking for. On the other hand, I have heard that this hotel charges foreignerssignificantly more than locals, and the other reviews on this site seem to confirm this. If you are interested in staying here, I would advise getting a hindi speaker to make the reservation for you.	
Dec 9 2007 	Great place to stay	We have a wonderful stay at this hotel recently. We were picked up at the airport which was fantastic and driven straight to the hotel to catch up on some sleep. The next nmorning we spoke to the Manager of the hotel who then boked us a car and driver and accomodation for the next 2 weeks travel around northern India. It was simply a wonderful trip and just so easy thanks to the staff at the Megha Sheraton. The hotel is very clean and very friendly with value for money and a very safe area. I would recommend it to anyone and would advise you to talk to the Megha tours operators and get them to organise your holiday for a fraction of the price we were quoted in Australia for the same trip.	
Oct 22 2007	Ok for its price	Background: Paid USD65 for my parents and me to stay for one Sat night. Review: For its price, it is a rather good option. It's abt 4km away from Connaught Place (where the action is), but cabs/auto rickshaws are easily available outside the hotel. The hotel, although located within a residential area, looks safe enough. The manager/owner of the hotel was also kind to drop us for dinner at a nearby location. The only grumble i have about this place is that i spent the first 5 mins in the room killing cockroaches! The toilet was not in a good condition and the pillow cases are stained and lumpy. Verdict: It's a place to stay only if you are really low on cash, not afraid of insects and is totally no-frill.	
Oct 3 2007 	Good service reasonable rates humble but correct accomodations	We spent four nights at the Megha Sheraton. The hotel would be too basic for many people's tastes, but at 2000 Rs it was an excellent value and served our needs just fine. You won't see many foreigners in Old Rajender Nagar, but being in an &quot;authentic&quot; neighborhood was part of the appeal. We used the airport pickup/dropoff service (four trips total) and recommend it.The biggest attraction is the tourist assistance provided by manager Naresh and the a/c hotel cars and drivers that are available for hire. Naresh's service is great, his advice is excellent, and the rates are VERY reasonable. We hired one of the hotel cars for the day (7 hrs for 700 Rs) for a tour of Delhi and a quick drive by the sights of New Delhi. (Three of those hours were actually on a bicycle rickshaw arranged by our driver.) Naresh also arranged a tour of Agra (daytrip by train, with car/driver for the day).We had Indian breakfasts in the little restaurant at the adjacent sister hotel Madonna. Western breakfast also available.	
Aug 11 2007 	Excellent service 	We arrived to Delhi without too many plans and didn't really know what to expect from our stay. The Megha Sheraton is a good starting point for any journey in the northern parts of India. Thanks to Mr. Naresh Bhatia (the hotel's manager) our two weeks in India were some of the best weeks we have ever experienced. He organized a fantastic tour for us through Rajasthan and Agra (Taj Mahal). We had a private car + driver with us and saw some very beautiful places. All promises were kept and everything was according to expectations. We can warmly recommend the Megha Sheraton for you.	
Jul 9 2007 	Mega good service!!	This hotel is such a find! As a single woman, life can be difficult in a foreign country. But not at Hotel Megha Sheraton. I was brought here by an Indian friend and from the moment I arrived, I was treated with the utmost respect and kindness. Everything was provided for me, unlimited Chai and Indian coffee and interesting chats with the affable owner, Mr. Naresh Bhatia. His kindness and personal service are second to none. Nothing is too much trouble and honesty and friendliness are the keynotes of this home away from home. I always felt safe and secure. The room service is prompt and freindly. The room service waiters never hassle for tips and for me this is a first for India. Anything I wanted was available to me. My business cards were made for me on the same day as my CD was sent out from the hotel. I felt totally satisfied with all this hospitality. I have stayed in many hotels all over the world and in India and I would honestly rate Hotel Megha Sheraton as No.1!!! Also, the food sent by room service was always delicious and fresh. What more can I say?	
Jul 5 2007 	Megha Sheraton - Value for money	We contacted the proprietor through email with apprehensions after having searched the net . Mr. Bhatia responded quickly with the rates and availability of the rooms. The rate was Rs. 1800 for an A/C room and sufficient to accommodate our two kids, aged 11, 6 years. We opted to be picked up from the airport. We were picked up from the airport and reached the hotel which is located in a residential area in about 45 minutes. The rooms are clean and tidy. Mr Bhatia arranged for our tour to Agra and Jaipur which we enjoyed thoroghly. Downside: The hotel does not have an in house restaurant but food is made available through the nearby sister Hotel Madonna	
