Jun 15 2009	Very nice and quaint	This is a very nicely maintained and conveniently located guest house...the biryani and the butter chicken here rocks....	
Apr 26 2009 	Okay but that's al	Okay but when I arrived they didn't seem to have to my booking and we had negotiate for what I thought we already had. Be careful.	
Apr 16 2009 	There's better available for Cheaper	I stayed here for 3 days for a business trip. It is definitely well located on near Mathura Road, however, that's were all positives of the place ends. The forst shock after seeing the place was that they were charging Rs. 4,500 / per night. As if that was not all, for some reason they refused to accept card payments (this may have been a temporary problem, in all fairness). There is no alcohol available in the place, but a waiter will get you one on Order and some commission. The food in room service was terrible. Rooms were just decently hygenic and not really as clean as one would prefer. Staff is helpful in all commercial services asked for, but courtsey is another matter altogether. My conclusion was that for this money, I know of better places. Avoid.	
Mar 20 2008 	Terrible!	We travelled from Delhi to Rajasthan to Goa &amp; back to Delhi so had taken a look around this hotel on our first visit to Delhi. We'd been shown a large clean room with a high standard of decor &amp; a marble bathroom...but on that occasion we didn't stay as we managed to negotiate an even better deal at (the normally twice the price) Jukaso Inn down the road. We decided to 'treat ourselves' on our last night of our world trip and booked the Maharani from Goa via email &amp; exchanged 3 emails confirming the booking &amp; giving our flight arrival times. When we arrived at the hotel at 7pm (the time we had indicated) we were told that we had arrived too late and that the hotel was full! They also denied having received our emails despite having replied to them. We were not too pleased as we were leaving at 4am the following morning. The manager said he would see what he could do &amp; we were left sitting in the lobby for over half an hour while he avoided our gaze &amp; dealt with other enquires. We asked what was going on &amp; he said he was waiting for a guest to leave who was on a late check out. After another half hour &amp; no update it transpired that this guest was in a restuarant with his wife &amp; was not due to be back until 11pm. When we (quite angrily by this stage) said we would not wait until 11pm he said he would find us a &quot;nice room in another sister hotel&quot;. I've travelled to India many times and know never to accept this offer! The sister hotel is usually a very poor standard yet they'll try to charge you the same rate. After another hour of arguing with this very arrogant man, we finally flipped &amp; resorted to pretending to be from a very important organisation &amp; saying how disappointed we were with the treatment &amp; that our organisation would not use the hotel again. His attitude changed immediately &amp; suddenly there was a room available. Unbelievable.HOWEVER...the room was right at the top of the hotel, was small and shabby with a disgusting bathroom and a hole in the bath. We tried to complain again but the manager had made a hasty retreat home by this point &amp; we were too tired to argue any more.So we were still charged £50 (which is a LOT of money in India) for a terrible room &amp; terrible service. Unfortunately this is a pretty standard experience in India. The hotel had also offered to pick us up from the airport for 850RPS. We declined &amp; took a police-approved prepaid taxi for 150RPS from the little booth at the airport. You don't mind a hotel charging you a little bit more...but 700RPS more??So - DON'T STAY HERE! If you're not on a budget stay at the Jukaso Inn and negotiate a good deal. If you are on a budget you'll be struggling as Delhi is not the place to find good, clean, cheap rooms.	
Jan 25 2008 	Not so good the second time....	I returned to the Maharani Guest House for 3 nights after having stayed there in January 2006. At that time I posted a positive review on TripAdvisor. Upon my return to the Maharani I found that the tariff had increased considerably (now $75.00 + 12.5% tax for a single room). The desk clerk recognized me and asked the manager (who also recognized me) if he should offer the lower tariff I had paid in 2006. The manager quickly dismissed his request. Neither realized that I understood Hindi. I felt no reason to barter over the price since my visit was planned at the last minute and my previous stay had been good.I was given a very small room at the back of the hotel. It could be accessed by the lift or stairs from the lobby. The carpet in the room was disgustingly dirty and the walls were in desperate need of a fresh coat of paint. The bathroom was clean and the hot water was adequate.There was a writing desk in the already cramped room and I pulled open a drawer to locate the room service menu, only to be greeted by a rather large cockroach. I had never seen roaches in the hotel before and this was the only one I discovered in my room, but I will admit it made for a rather uncomfortable stay. I asked to change rooms but was told that was not possible as the hotel was full.The service was still a bit creepy, with housekeepers lurking around my door waiting for a tip and the afternoon desk clerk was still a bit condescending. The food was just as good as before and the prices had not changed. The location is great but I cannot recommend this hotel after my last stay. There are plenty of other hotels in New Delhi that are a better value for the money.	
Jul 10 2007 	Not so good...	After spending a few days in the Indian Islamic Cultural Center and the Crowne Plaza, we went around the Sundar Nagar to find a place to stay for the day before we go to the airport. The Jukasso Inn was really nice but also very expensive. We also went to the La Sagrita but I did not like it there. In the end, we decided to stay at the Maharani Guest House. The room is old and smells like chemicals. It does not look that clean too. I must however say that the location is really nice. However, I enjoyed the Lodhi area better because it was peaceful and the restaurant at the Indian Habitat Center is the best!If you have hired a car and a driver, I suggest you go find another place.	
Jun 14 2007	Good value for money with great location	Stayed here a few months ago and found it to be good value for money. The location is very attractive and central. Rooms are clean and comfortable. People expecting all the amenities of a 5 star hotel will be dissapointed...note that this is a quaint guesthouse, and serves the purpose of a good nights sleep and some small snacks. Will recommend this place and stay again.	
Feb 21 2007	Decent hotel	We stayed here for 3 nights in Feb 2007. Decent place for the price ($70). The location in Sundar Nagar is excellent and close to India Gate. But I recommend hiring a taxi all day (about Rs 1200) as most Indian cities are not great for walking, the traffic, dust and fumes are a bit overwhelming for my taste.The rooms are large (we had Double rooms) and the bathrooms are large/sufficiently clean.Be careful about the breakfast. I recommend masala omlette rather than the fixed breakfast menu. Avoid Orange juice and go for for well boiled coffee.For the first time travelled, I also discourage staying in Pahar Ganj, Karol Bagh or any old Delhi areas. Stay in New Delhi which is suprisingly clean and beautiful.Given the lack of decent hotels in New Delhi for under $100, I think Maharani is a good choice. They also arranged a car for the trip to airport (Rs 400). We arranged all day taxis on our own from Kumar Travels listed in Lonely Planet.The hotel has too many people on staff and they all expect a tip. When we asked for a towel at 1am, TWO people arrived with one towel and expected a tip ! On the way out, I counted about 10 people helping us load our bags in the taxi. I simply paid Rs 100 at the front desk to keep everyone happy.	
Feb 10 2007 	Do Not Stay At This Place!	We stayed at this hotel for three nights while we were in Delhi and would never stay here again. We arranged for airport pickup through the hotel and our driver took us on some scam diversion to a &quot;travel office&quot; where we urged to pay MORE money for our hotel even though we had already paid with a credit card. After this long diversion, we finally arrived at our hotel room to find that the bathroom was not clean--no need to go into details but I'll just say that it had been used before our arrival. The next morning we got up at 5:00 am to catch a train to Agra and almost fell over the staff who was sleeping in the hallway. It was bery clear that the staff sleeps lined up in the hallway every night. Enough said, DO NOT stay here!	
Mar 19 2006	what a dump!	i thought this hotel was a dive. really really over rated and over priced by 50% at least. for a little more money you can find a lot better than this dump.	
