	Ok hotel - depending on the price you get.	We were originally set to stay at the Hotel Ananda. Apparently the management staff from the Ananda has moved to Grand Peepal and when I emailed to confirm our reservations they said they would switch us to the Grand Peepal for the same price, 1800 Rps/night for a deluxe room. We had complimentary airport pickup - the driver was there on time and very pleasant. This was helpful having just arrived in India. The rooms here were decent - ok size and generally clean. The bathrooms were a typical wet bath style. Our drains didn't work properly and so our bathroom was covered in a half inch of water everytime we showered. The water pressure was also poor, but the water was warm. The toilets did not seem to accept toilet paper very well. The rooftop restaurant had good food and we had breakfast included in our room price. The location of the hotel is very good for browsing the Karol Bagh markets and is also close to the Metro for getting to other parts of New Delhi.Our first day the management offered to take us to get a free map - this included a hard sell on a car and sightseeing for the day. We ended up going at what we are sure now was a very inflated price. I would suggest just getting a taxi on your own. Overall this was an ok hotel, but if you look at the website it shows the tariff as 4000 - 5000 Rps per night. This hotel is certainly not worth that kind of money by any stretch of the imagination.	
	Not Recommended	We were originally booked to stay in the Ananda Hotel and were then moved to this more expensive hotel as apparently the Ananda was full - despite our reservation. The lobby of the Grand Peepal is a bit drab and depressing and the rooftop restaurant didn't really appear to be a going concern whilst we were staying there. The room was ok, although we stayed for 3 nights and it was not serviced once. The main problem with this hotel was the service. The only time anyone at the hotel displayed any interest in us was when we were ushered into a travel agency and given a hard sell about a driver for 10 days around Rajasthan. After we declined this offer we were pretty much ignored for the rest of the time. We were given no information about local services, such as the metro (the easiest way to get into central Dehli) or restaurants etc.We were asked to provide feedback when we checked out and I said that a little more information about the local area would have been helpful. The man at reception then took my feedback, read it and then started to argue with me about my feedback, that I was wrong to write that, that I should have asked more questions... which I found unprofessional.Also when we were leaving we booked an (overpriced) taxi to the train station through the front desk. The taxi never showed up. I kept asking the reception staff about the taxi and they kept fobbing me off, but not actually doing anything about it. Eventually I just flagged one down from the street because we were about to miss our train and they tried to tell me that i couldn't take that taxi as I had booked one from them. Naturally I ignored them. Do yourself a favour and stay somewhere else.	
Feb 16 2009 	I was not impressed	I wouldn't stay here again. We booked in for 3 nights but started searching for a new hotel after the first day. The rooms we stayed in were ok and the bedding clean enough but there was this overwhelming bad smell that I could not take.The general staff (waiters etc) were very nice but the people at reception could take a lesson or two in etiquette. The food I ordered was really good too.They refused to give us a receipt as proof of payment unless we paid them an extra 1000 rupees! The man and woman at the desk started got into a fierce argument about something and didnt care that there were guests in their presence.	
Nov 29 2008 	bad service hotel	My stay in this hotel is not good because hotel is not clean and bad service . Very dirty smell in the hotel because outside of the hotel is a big dustbin where all the hotel waste integrated but no manage it . Rates of the hotel is very high compare to quality and service.	
Nov 12 2008 	Excellent Stay	This was second stay at Grand Peepal. I visited Delhi in May also and the service was excellent then too. The front desk staff was very attentive to my needs and safety, especially as a single woman traveling alone. I found the staff to be courteous and helpful. The Hotel is in a very convenient location near a great market. It’s just off the main street so it is quite. The rooms are clean and the air condition worked well. The bathrooms are modern and clean. The refrigerator in the room was a pleasant convenience to have food and water in my room. The roof top restaurant was very good. WIFI both in my room and in the lobby worked well. For the price this is a great value. Especially for first time visitors to India. I am returning in 2009 and will be staying at Grand Peepal again for a 3rd visit.	
Nov 7 2008 	2nd Name of Home is Grand Peepal	I booked this Hotel Through a Travel Agent (Incredible Heritage Tours) my stay here was for great. the staff was helpfull and the reception always warm welcoming!!!I was here on bussiness but also Travelled abit.I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL TO ALL TRAVELLER AND ALSO THE BUSSINESS PEOPLE.	
Oct 14 2008 	I Do Not Recommend This Hotel At All !	I stayed at this hotel for 32 days and I couldn't stop myself for not posting any review about it cuz I'm pretty sure that most of India tourists search Internet to find a proper hotel before traveling just like me. I hope this info help them.First of all notice that here is not a luxury hotel and those tourists who look for economy hotels may choose this one. this hotel is small but located near a big shopping area so I could buy foods, water, fruits and juices, etc very easily. shops and restaurants were accessible.CHECKING IN:When I arrived I told the lady at reception that I already have booked a room on the phone but she was not aware of it. It was funny that they picked me up at the airport but she didn't know any thing. she called the manager and finally noticed about my reservation which was done a day ago.She requested my passport to write my information in their records. she also asked me to write my address there. I just wrote it and signed it. she was waiting until I write the address completely and after I delivered her notebook and pen, she crossed a line on my address and told me very rudely and impolitely that the address is written in a wrong row. &quot;write it here..&quot; she said.I was shocked about this kind of behaviour with a new traveller who wanna stay there for a couple weeks. (simply she could write the address again in the appropriate row by herself)So I told her that I'm regret and wanna change this hotel right now !!!! please hire a car for me so that I will visit the other hotels and will choose another one. here is not good for me at all. she didn't expect this reaction from me and so she tried to cover her fault. &quot;Sir, we can hire a car for you tomorrow morning, It's night now !&quot; she said respectfully ! I knew that they understood their stupid fault and they wanted to keep me at least for 1 day and charge me for 1 day. but I didn't agree and I told her that I will not pay you and I wanna change my hotel cuz I'm not happy with your behaviour. She talked to the other staff in Indian language for a couple minutes and after that they all tried to keep me there. they called the manager to come and talk to me very friendly so maybe I stay there but I told &quot;no it's not possible. I need to move right now. hire a car please.&quot;In fact I didn't want to move to any other hotel cuz I was not sure about the other hotels and the quality of their services. I just wanted to scare them so that the next time they will understand how to treat with a new traveller. they finally hired a car but begged me ALL not to book any other hotel...Finally I came back to the same hotel and decided to stay there before they cry !Inside the hotel:The worst problem was their Wi-Fi connection cuz It was going down occasionally and this was annoying. It was not reliable at all. for example It was going down at nights up to morning in the next day and I had to call at reception and complain about it every 3-4 days. Although they tried to fix it but the problem was more serious than just restarting the modem and changing some cables! I'm pretty sure that this problem still exists there...My room was very clean and bed was comfortable, bedsheets were also very clean. Foods were good but most of the times they were a bit rare. some kinds of kebabs were always NOT available. dishes were clean but not always. Hot water was always available but I had to call at reception 10 minutes before taking a bath. Air conditioner was not working properly.Room service was not decent and was always with huge delay. some times I had to wait for 2 hours and call them several times to come and clean my room. I'm sure they were trying to ignore me cuz It was free !!!Resturant was not bad but do not try &quot;cheese sandwich&quot; at all! their cheese is not tasty at all !!Refrigerator was working properly. Room was safe. you can be sure that no body will steal your belongings...Staff were very polite and friendly.The hotel was in a busy area but my room was scilent.Checking out:They were just trying to rip me off. for example I didn't have Indian rupees. all I had was Euros and they tried to exchange it with the worst rate !! they wanted to make a huge profit in exchanging euro to INR but I didn't agree with their rate.So they had to exchange it with the real rate at that time. breakfast was free of charge for me but they included all the bills for breakfast in the final receipt and tried to trick me but again I didn't allow them to rip me off! I took all the bills for breakfast OUT and asked them to calculate again !! they wanted to charge me for 1 more day but they couldn't cuz I was smarter than them !They didn't give me a penny discount. for example I owed them 300 rupees which is around USD $7 and I didn't have rupees. but they wanted it and I had to exchange my 500 EUR bill to Indian rupees so that I could pay them 300 rupees and this is very funny when I stayed there for 32 days.I was smarter and didn't allow them to rip me off after all.BUT NEVER TRUST THEM !My overall review:You can find very better hotels with cheaper prices easily in just walking distances around this hotel. so I don't recommend this hotel at all. I also moved from this hotel to a new hotel after 32 days.One important tip:THE PRIMARY PRICES THAT INDIAN HOTELS GIVE YOU ARE ALL NOT REAL !!! ALWAYS TELL THEM THAT THIS IS TOO EXPENSIVE AND WE CAN NOT PAY FOR IT. THEN THEY WILL LOWER THE PRICE TO THE REAL PRICE AND THE REAL PRICE MAY BE HALF OF THE FIRST ONE GIVEN.	
Dec 2 2008 	Hotel correcto		
