Oct 2 2009 	Nice place to stay	I had a nice and comfortable stay at this guest house. Rooms were clean and well maintained. Close to my Subway restaurant and Domizon Pizza. They take care of the guest and are trust worthy staff. Will visit again.	
Sep 9 2009 	This is not a very good hotel with a location to match...	We previously stayed at the owners other guest house in Gurgaon, a suburb on the outskirts of Delhi for a friends wedding, but then we moved to this hotel to be nearer Delhi city centre.Good - The room was clean and a decent size, with a good size bathroom and also had air conditioning. - The owner Bobby was extremely helpful in answering any questions that we had.Bad - Although the hotel is clean it was very dark and dingy. - The staff do not understand and cannot speak much English making communication very difficult and time consuming. - The location of the hotel is too far away from the Delhi centre and the main sights. - There is nothing near the hotel in terms of night life; restaurants, bars etc. - We asked them to book a bus for us to Agra (as the train was fully booked) and they booked us onto a day-trip tour of Agra full of locals!OverallThis is not a very good hotel with a location to match.	
Nov 11 2008	People You Can Trust	We stayed for 12 nights in Oktober 2008 Everything we wanted was perfectley done We can recommend this guesthouse Good vallue for your money We just wanted a clean and safe place to sleep and that is exectley what Pamposh offers.ThanksHenk and Sytske NijlandHolland	
Jul 11 2008	Great Location and Comfortable Stay	This is my second visit to Delhi and found this Guest House from their website. This is located in great, nice location. Surroundings have a nice green park, Dominoz Pizza, Subway and Ruby Tuesday Restaurants. Rooms are nice and fully western style with great service. Nice for family stay and teenagers. This is located in the shopping center, so no worries to travel for shopping.	
Mar 4 2008 	Bad experience at this hotel	We came to the hotel with the intention of staying 2 nights but only stayed one night as we were very disappointed with its facilities and couldn't bare to stay longer. First of all, the hotel outside didn't even look like the picture I saw on its website. It had a small board with &quot;Pamposh&quot; written on it with a single door leading to narrow stairs up to the hotel reception area. We booked two double rooms. One of the rooms was on the top floor. That means we had to walk out through the balcony that had no roof in order to get to the room. As I was walking up the stairs (only had minimum lighting) to the top floor, I hit my head so hard as the concrete ceiling above the stairs was too low for someone of average height.Each room had a portable heater that was not enough to keep the room warm enough for the cold weather at the time we visited Delhi. Hot water was not available to our satisfaction as we would only get a bucket of hot water and then it would stop. You would then get only cold water. You have to wait a long time for the water to heat up before you get more hot water (they have a switch in the washroom that you need to turn on to heat up the water). The colour of the water was brown for the first 10 seconds after I opened tap in the shower. We complained about not getting enough hot water. One of the staff came to investigate, pretended like he was trying to fix it, left the room and never returned. It was late and we were tired after a long flight, so we just went to sleep with the strong intention of checking out next morning as early as possible. It was our first visit to Delhi and booking this hotel was a big mistake and booking it on the first night of our vacation was even a bigger mistake. If you are traveling with family/kids especially, don't stay at Pamposh. If you want a reasonable hotel in Delhi, don't book anything too cheap. If the price for the room seems relatively too low for Delhi, then don't go for it.	
Oct 22 2007 	nice location new rooms	Hey i read the reviews in this website and wanted to take a chance to explore this place. Thx to Dimmy83 for updating the information of new rooms. Yes this place has new rooms with nice decoration, and i think its under new management and thats the reason all bathroom are new. I was lucky to get Super Dlx Room for Dlx Room price. stayed there for 3 nights, loved the location and my favourite Subway and TGI Fridays near by.Hope they continue with this maintainence and renovation.Thx Trip Advisor	
Jul 30 2007	Clean and looking forward for better after renovation	I got the information thru their website, it looked nice and clean.Paid advance amount to book the room and was sent confirmation ticket with 5% discount they offer for all customers online booking. Was picked up from an airport and came night 11pm. First encounter was street dogs barking, not near hotel but about 500 meters away from hotel, that made me little upset and scary. But things were better when reached the guest house. Guy helped to get my luggage, even though he did not understand english, but managed to understand whatever i said...SURPRISED ME...!!!!! I went to front desk and showed my confirmation ticket and was escorted to top floor room. Nice room looked newely rennovated and i was right...it was rennovated few weeks before. Bathrooms was absolutely clean with nice beige tiles and with nice band of decorative tiles to show elegent. Towels were new and liked their bathroom sleepers for walking around the room coz i forgot to get one along.In the morning, I was introduced to Mr. Vishal, Manager who was very nice and curtious and helped me to plan my day to go around Delhi. He gave me few tips to deal with auto rickshaws, shopkeepers for price bargaining...IT REALLY WORKED. Guest house is located in around nice restaurants like SUBWAY, DOMINOZ PIZZA. Across was a taxi stand and car mechanics working on denting, painting on cars. Well it did not borther me as its common in Delhi. First i was scared to find good place as told by my friend in USA. Power outage was a bit concerned since with the power backup A/C does not work only fans works...but was not long with power outage. Really liked the FREE WIFI Access.Planning to visit next year to see the newely renovated rooms.	
Mar 20 2007 	Basic to the Floor rich and poor rub shoulders	I chose it from seeing their website and it was booked by our agent. It was a little bit too cheap.The Pamposh is-just as you see it, you get it: bedsheet spots- this would not be star rated at all in the UK, unfinished edges-Nice location in an allround way, the squalor is the one side; and right next to the poverty rubbing shoulders with the 'posh' part, is a good resid area, where there are a couple of modern yoga studios where people well off enough to employ the others as servants can go. The nearby taxi station lies beneath a tarpaulin tent roof, in the squalid market road corner with food vendors cooking up something vry unappealing. On the ground level of the guest house is a Dominoes pizza, that's okay, you can so easily walk it up to your own room.There is also a Paratha restaurant which is highly recommended in South Delhi, but not vegetarian - it smelt terriblt to me, like the outdoors squallor quite inescapeable for Delhi newbies. This is a S.Delhi heartland with modern shops nearby;the 24 hour ATM by the entrance is actually only a local bank card taker- so I was told; there is a delicatessen like 24-7 supermarket, where I saw organic soya milk, and many better quality Western brands, but unremarkably at western prices too. The much cheaper indian type of supermarket, as in the UK is also nearby. The entry (not for disabled/steep flight of stairs to reception) up between shops ( as pic.) S.Delhi noise resounds around here by day, hotel is no retreat; sound of aircraft only, at night, no worse than Earl's Court. Location of GK is not far from Nehru Place and Lotus temple. The bonus, if that is one. Internet wireless connection possible from bedroom by day/evening only. The odd electricity failure and sound of noisy background generator was timely also, but the worst thing was the lack of towel rails and coat hooks, which brought our the ugly workmanship and lack of decor, to make more obvious the odd tile missing in the bathroom, lack of room servicing- in terms of inspection and then necessary cleaning.If you want to respect and rub shoulders with those living here in poverty, without dangerous rides on rickshaws and an unhealthy interest in sweeping your feet through market areas, here's a better option, contain things to a manageable level within the hotel, and ignore it outside painlessly. Auto taxi into town, tour e.g. with our 'VacationExperts' good, in excellent car, much needed to fit all sites into a couple of days. Recommended if you want to put everything in the perspective of price, and a middle of the road viewpoint.Taxi call service very good, 300-400 IRs for a 4 hour/or 40km max journey distance. Eg Connaught place AND BACK in about 30 mins eachway, I day ( 6 hours) Vac Exp driver (and recommended guide extra) 800RPs/80km max. i.e. driver waits in car park, while you visit, paying entrance fees.erspective of price, and a middle of the road viewpoint.	
