Jul 12 2009 	Cheap mentality management - Tivoli Garden	This is bull (----) resort, their spa doesn't work, swimming pool is in bad shape, they offer membership at a cost with certain facilities like 50% discount on food and when you go their they say the same has been withdrawn. One of the worst ever experince of my life. They charge membership fee and then go back from their words. Bloody cheap mentality management. These kind of people can not grow in life, who cheat people.	
May 11 2009 	room's decent..service non-existent	It's a fairly large property and the main reason to stay there was because i was having an event there. The room's are pretty decent in size, bathroom is fairly spacious with a shower cube and a bathtub but the bathroom fittings are pretty bad. Hot water isn't always available especially at odd hours. Air-conditioning works but my colleague who was in another room wasn't so lucky. Room service is ordinary. My cable didnt work and i had to get a technician in for that. The same 'technical' problem was there with the key card access. The good part is the closet space which is good, bed was comfortable, it had plug points by the bedside so easy to charge ur phone thru the night and yet have it next to u. Restaurant isnt that great, b'fast is ordinary and like i said..the service..forgettable.	
Mar 21 2009 	Great if you like cold showers....	First impressions (of the room) were good, but after an hour or so you notice the shine has gone. Couldn't guarantee hot water, the sunken batch in the bedroom is literally a waste of space. People kept knocking on the door early in the morning too making a lie in impossible (didn't have a &quot;do not disturb sign&quot;.OK for business trip perhaps, but found it way over priced (even with the discounted price as it was the same venue as the wedding we were attending.Ho-hum.	
Mar 16 2009 	Good clean hotel with great staff perhaps could do with a bit of a revamp	We stayed in this hotel for two nights as part of a Golden Triangle tour around India. Was very impressed with the security at the hotel and the foyer and outside areas were really nice. Service was great throughout our stay. The rooms were very grand (we had a bath in our bedroom), although there was a rather thin sliding door which opened the bathroom up to the main bedroom (therefore little privacy!). The hotel was incredibly clean and the restaurant served very good food (although at UK restaurant prices). The rooms were very spacious and comfortable but maybe a little dated, I prefer the modern 4 star hotels we get in the UK, and this was more like a traditional uk hotel that perhaps could do with updating - but still very grand. There was a wedding whilst we were at the hotel and reading the other reviews this appeared to be a problem for many, we however were not disturbed by this at all and in fact really enjoyed watching it as it gave us an additional insight into Indian culture.	
Jan 14 2009 	Terrible hotel worst service and staff	We had a wedding at the Grand Ball Room at Tivoli in December. The hall was unclean and the stage had very dirty carpet and a broken couch. Please avoid this place at all costs - if you need more info then contact me at this email address - TivoliGardenDelhi@gmail.comThe Accountant Sudipto &amp; the Caretaker Kataria just dont know their job. The whole property is poorly managed and the toilets are blocked and there is no water. The access to the hotel is so congested that it may take you 30 minutes to just cover couple of miles.	
Mar 29 2008 	Not quite value for money	We have just returned from a couple of nights at theTivoli. The hotel is new and the service is reasonable. We stayed in two rooms for a family of 6 with 4 small kids. The restaurant serves reasonably good food and a buffet breakfast is included.The pool is lovely but small. The pool attendant and staff were good with kids and generally quite helpful.We paid about £130 per night .There were double beds and a large sofa bed so a family of 4 is easily accomodated in each room. The details in the rooms were disappointing for the price. The showers didn't work properly, neither did the a/c and our airport pickup didn't show up.Overall I would say this is not quite worth the money and airport access is poor due to local congestion.Alwyn. Leicester UK	
Oct 26 2007 	Awful; avoid at all costs	Where to start? The rooms aren't clean, the bedding is rough and uncomfortable, the pool is filthy, the food is mediocre-to-poor, the front desk staff are rude, and it's in an awkward location. And because it seems to cater to the wedding crowd, the music and running of feet down corridors goes on till the early hours. What makes it worse is that it's not even cheap. With tax I paid about 7,800 rupees (around $200) for the one night I stayed here, and that didn't include breakfast or transportation, or even a bottle of mineral water in the room (only two opened bottles of filtered tap water in the fridge). Unless you're a guest at a wedding there, avoid this hotel like the plague.	
Sep 25 2007 	Mediocre Hotel not a resort	GOOD POINTS:Beautiful lobby, nice looking &amp; clean room, nice poolBAD POINTS:Often noisy when there's a wedding or other outdoor event. May be difficult if you need to sleep.Breakfast selection is spare.Unfortunately, foreigners can expect to get the third degree at checkin. Supposedly, the 50 questions are due to FRO office security requirements. They're just doing their job but it's not a friendly.Hotel location is considered the outskirts of Delhi, so some tour guides want to charge extra for the distance.	
Mar 7 2007 	I liked it	I liked this hotel. Hotel is very beautiful and clean and rooms were big enough.Hotel staff was nice and polite.Food was clean and delicious. The hotel arranges parties (fore example weddings, birthday parties and business meetings). So it´s not peaceful at the weekends, but if you wanna see beautiful Indian gowns and see how Indian people celebrate, it doesn´t bother you.The hotel is not a typical tourist hotel. There is not anything for children and mostly visitors spend there just couple of days. The hotel is suitable for adult tourists, who are not searching for a quiet and peaceful time, but want to get to know Delhi.The distance between this hotel and Counnaught Place or Old Delhi is quite big and there is lots of traffic. So it might take 45 minutes to get to those places.I was a tourist from Finland and enjoyed the time in this hotel!	
Oct 24 2006 	Avoid at all costs	First impressions were not good,the hotel is about 40 minutes drive from the airport and a long way from the centre of Delhi.If you aren't used to India beware it is in a very poor area on a dusty smelly and very crowded main road..We stayed here for 10 days and our problems started from the moment we walked through the door.I was asked to sign a credit card slip for over 45,000 rupe(over £500)despite the fact I had already paid by credit card to the hotels booking agency the month before.Trying to explain this to the reception staff who spoke poor English proved difficult and despite the fact that I had seen the debit on my credit card before I left for India they refused to believe I had already paid.We went for a meal in the restaurant while they sorted it out and I was served the wrong meal and told my chicken on a skewer would be with with me in no time at all.They kept their word but the only problem was that the chicken was raw inside and inedible.We returned to reception and although nothing had been resolved with the booking agency we were shown to our room which was very small compared to previous rooms we had stayed in on visits to India.The toilet is also connected to the bedroom by a louvre window which is not very hygienic and offers very little privacy.The window does not open and felt very claustrophobic.Being jet lagged we decided to have an early night and were woken up at nine thirty by what sounded like a loudspeaker at full volume in the bedroom.A wedding party had started and it continued until gone 2 o'clock in the morning.The guests continued milling around the hallway and talking loudly until well gone 3 O'clock.The cleaning staff start work at around 4 O'clock in the morning and make no effort to be quiet.We recieved a call from reception at 8 O'clock asking us if we were going to breakfast.We staggered bleary eyed into the restaurant and had 2 fruit juices,a coffee and two slices of toast.As we left we were chased by the waiter who told us we needed to sign for breakfast.I aked him why as breakfast was included in the price.he said I was mistaken and presented me with a bill for 750 rupees which is over £8The booking agent had informed us that breakfast was included in the price and we went to reception who refused to acknowledge this despite the fact that I showed them the booking confirmation clearly stating that breakfast was included.We wasted a good hour at reception trying to sort out breakfast and the hotel refused to budge.Normally in India this would not be a problem,breakfast for two is no more than £1 at most,but as there was no where to get breakfast locally this pesented a major problem especially at £8 a time.We were told that the only day we were entitled to breakfast was on our last day (which was the first of October because we had paid £100 for that night).As we had to leave at 3 am to get to the airport this wasn't much help.We felt like 2nd class citizens during our stay at the hotel.and felt like they believed we were rich westerners trying to fiddle them.The sheets were only changed every other day and that was after we complained to reception and on one occassion were blood stained.We never recieved our free cookies or water either.I suffered from a bad case of Delhi belly towards the end of the holiday.We had returned at midnight from a trip to the taj and after 18 hours on the road we both just wanted to have a shower and go to bed.I turned the shower on and nothing happened.I phoned reception and was informed the main water pump was broken but would be fixed within the next twenty minutes.An hour later still no water,two hours later it still wasn't fixed.When you are suffering from a really bad case of gastro believe me the last thing you need is a hotel with no water.Not one of the toilets in the hotel would flush.There were wedding parties seven of the 10 nights we were there and getting a good night's sleep was impossible.The hotel puts it's commercial customers first and as I mentiond earlier we were made to feel like 2nd class citizens from the moment we first walked through the door.We finally resolved the problem of the credit card payment and it transpired the had overcharged me by about £40 and ended giving me back money.I've stayed in 2 star hotels where the service was beter than here and unless it's a last resort dont stay at this hotel, especially as it's very expensive by Indian standards at £100 a night.	
Aug 10 2006	Take note - not all it seems	We have just returned from a holiday in India which included two stays in this hotel, at the beginning and end of our trip.The hotel is set in beautiful grounds, with large rooms BUT it is not really a tourist hotel. Its main business is in catering for large scale functions especially Weddings and they have been know to have as many as 7 Weddings going on at one time! This in itself isn't a problem but it does mean that there were often areas which were off limits to residents. Of the 5 nights we spent there the &quot;Pub&quot; was being used for private functions on 4 of them. The restaurant was closed on one occasion( but the Pub was open)! The food was good, the staff were lovely (with a couple of exceptions) but......Our contract with the Hotel included Breakfast but at the end of the first stay we were charged for Breakfast and despite all reasonable attempts to sort this out one of the management was adamant that we had to pay! His attitude was not very pleasant and on our return 11 days later he neither apologised or made reference to the matter despite it being dealt with by the agency we booked through. The room details also included cookies, along with the tea and coffee but these never materialised. Additionally bottled water had to be bought - the hotel supplied water in bottles but as these weren't sealed you couldn't be sure where the water came from. This was not a major expense but every other hotel provided at least some sealed bottled water. Another point which wasn't clear when we booked was that the hotel is a minimum of 45 minutes from the centre of Delhi and a taxi is the only way to the centre.So if you're going to India and thinking about staying in this hotel then bear this in mind - nice place but do you want to be the only tourist in a hotel?	
Mar 20 2006	We loved it	We were nearly put off after reading a previous review of this hotel. However, we found that it was clean, and well maintained. We loved the pool which was clean. The staff were helpful and we enjoyed the resturant. The chef even cooked a special curry not on the menu. There were functions taking place every day and night and for us it added to our India experience with wedding and engagment parties. Although there were so many people milling about we were not disturbed at night at any point. It was slightly out of the City Centre but the hotel Taxi costs us approx £15 to hire for 8 hours so if you want to sight see then this was a great way to do so.We would recommend this hotel, the price was excellent, middle of the road which is often difficult to find in Dehli.	
Feb 6 2006 	Great hotel been back twice	We stayed at the Tivoli Garden Resort for 1 week during end December 2005. This was our 2nd trip there and we love it. It is a boutique hotel/resort. This resort is primarily a banqueting place with many weddings, functions, conferences being held. They have about 40 rooms - so it is a small-ish hotel in terms of # of rooms. The rooms we've stayed in are beautifully apointed and done up.The food at the restaurant, Marbella is great. All kinds of Asian, American,Italian and Continental cuisine is served and the quality is good too. There is a very nice nighclub at this resort called Trafalgar Square. There are very nice, beautifully manicured lawns. Very personalised service. The best part of this hotel is that you feel you are out of Delhi (i.e away from the pollution etc) yet you are centrally located and are close to the most happenning/hip shopping places. Overall, both our stays here have been very good and we definitely plan to return	
Nov 29 2005	Terrible time at the Tivoli Garden Resort	I would avoid this &quot;resort&quot; at all costs. We stayed for a week, and based on the fact this is advertised as a 5 star resort expected a high level of service. Things were bad for so many reasons I will bullet point them in order to keep it short:- This is more of a banquet hall than hotel... there are 4 separate function rooms that seem to be constantly booked, and the noise is unbearable. Indian parties don't tend to start until around 9 pm, so don't plan on sleeping before 2 am. And you better be ready to be up at 5 am when clean up starts. Granted, it depends on where your room is located, but this is unacceptable in ANY room.- The front desk staff had trouble understanding basic questions in English. - The pool, located next to one of the banquet areas, had a layer of greasy film on the top (from the food service) and cocktail sticks on the bottom. Additionally, it looks as if the pool bar has never been used. And we were excited about the pool bar.- The room construction is shoddy. We could hear the people next door to us pushing their chairs back/forth on the hardwood floors. Also, the showers didn't drain properly and constantly soaked the entire bathroom floor.This place was simply awful. I would absolutely not recommend this place to anyone.	
Aug 24 2008 	Médiocre hôtel et rapport qualité prix		
Jul 9 2008 	foire du trone		
