Nov 15 2009 	My Stay in Delhi	Booked via Makemytrip. Hotel is average. Location is midst of Karol bagh the populated area of Old Delhi. Close to many places though. We stayed here as we needed to visit US Consulate for an Interview. Room was very good though no balcony. AC was good. Had a problem with the bathroom lock. Got locked out from inside. Bathroom has new jacuuzi but it was not that effective and was malfunctioning. Room service was very good. Got value for money to some extent. TV was good. Was an LCD. Would recommend.	
Apr 30 2008 	oh ma gosh ...plz never stay here	i went to Delhi for a tour with my family consisting of 3 members.we had actually booked rooms in an other hotel but we reached late at nite coz of the big traffic block in delhi .the other hotel people said that the room was not available at nite and that they have arranged room in a nearby hotel i.e; omni .we agreed and when we reached there the chechk in counters we gud but the room were just horrible ...it was very small and very conjusted ..we could hardly move around ...the bed spread , linens etc were so untidy and had a foul smell ..now to talk bout the bathrooms i better dont say anything .it was so untidy and i think it hadn't been cleaned for an year . the rooms were so dark and we couldnt differentiate between nite and day . it was such a horrible experience . the services were ok . next day we were shifted to the hotel which we had booked(not omni) . thank god i was shifted . the other hotel was gud .but i wud say to everybody that never go and stay in this hotel !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Feb 5 2008 	Omni hotel did not honor reservation	I reserved a superior room for one night through the Venere travel agency.(They had all my credit card information) When I arrived at the hotel at 2:00A.M.after the 20 hour trip from New York City I was told the hotel was filled and could not stay there.I was offered a room at another hotel which I declined. My voucher for the room for the night was deemed meaningless. An Iranian Tour operator was also having a problem with arrangements that had been made months before. A reservation at the hotel might be honored if no one else takes your room before you arrive.I would warn you against staying at a hotel run by such shabby people.	
Jan 14 2008 	Not a hotel but a hole	I'm working in India for a couple of weeks and decided to visit Delhi. BCDTravel from India booked the hotel. The place is just terrible. The area in where it is is awful, you feel like you're going to get killed the moment you put a feet outside the hotel (I know in general the zones in India don't look good, but really this is one of the worst areas there). The rooms are very dirty, smells, i even found 10 empty bottles of beer in front of my room when i arrived (no one worried to at least throw them at that moment) and also when o left the next day. Don't follow the tramp of the pictures, they must be edited because it's not like the pictures at all. The rate for a hotel like this should be less than US$10, not more.	
Sep 13 2007 	value for money	i booked my hotel from the website and i made the payment from ther and i wa scared that the hotel is good enough or not but when i reached the airport i was welcomed like a person of my family has came to recive me and it was of a different class and when i reached the hotel it was like i have paid nothing for the hotel ppl say that that it is value for money but i will say it was more than value for money one difficulty i experienced that was i was that tv cabel was not working for 2 hour or so but later it was corrected so i will recamend each and everybody to visit this hotel and the hotel website is [--]	
Aug 19 2007 	No I don't want to go to Agra.	I am used to staying at inexpensive Indian hotels as well as Western style hotels in India. Usually, the Indian hotels above a certain price range (like more than US$15/night) are fine with some shabbiness in the facilities. Other than the bathroom, my room was clean and comfortable, and even the bathroom was okay if not spotless. They provided a kettle and some instant coffee/tea too (although the mug was dirty with dried coffee inside.) The hotel has free (!) wireless Internet, a real convenience. But I would never stay here again because it's pretty clear it's a scam for the travel agency that owns/is partnered with it.I should have known when I arrived this place was into fleecing people. I tipped the guy who carried my bags. Later, he hunted me down because the bill was 'ripped'. I know that India has this wierd thing about bills not being legal tender if they are ripped, but there's apparently some exchange process where you take the old bill to a bank and they'll replace it, and this bill was ancient, but intact--not actually ripped. I'm 90% sure this guy brought the bill back because he thought he deserved a bigger tip, and of course since I didn't have any other small bills of the same denomination, I did give him a bigger tip. I wouldn't do that now.Can I just say, I am sooooo sick of the following sequence of questions:1. Sir, where are you from? What is your good name? 2. How long are you in staying in Delhi? (answer, 2 days)3. Have you ever been to India? (yes, 5 times)4. What are you doing today? (ummm, some work, maybe going to visit some friends)5. Would you like a package tour to the Taj Mahal in Agra? (or the more forceful 'you *would* like a package tour to the Taj Mahal.') And usually a refusal to take no for an answer.I was asked _seven_ times to go to the Taj by the hotel staff--desk clerks, bellhop, including one extended conversation in which they claimed there was some problem with my hotels.com reservation, then took me to a travel agency a block away to have them 'check my reservation' and 'give feedback to the management' and three guys took turns trying to sell me tours. The next day I get an unscheduled wakeup call. I'm dead asleep, a call to the room wakes me up, and he asks about my 'hotel voucher,' &quot;I gave you the reservation sheet yesterday&quot;, &quot;What are you doing today?&quot;, &quot;Why do you want to know?&quot;, &quot;You should go to Agra today&quot;, I slam down the phone. Even just leaving the hotel, the desk clerk stops me, asks my room number, then interrogates me about my plans again (same guy as that morning on the phone? I don't know). I'm used to touts. But the hotel staff honestly seem to think I owe them a booking on some overpriced tour. It's like one of those condo timeshare sales pitches that lasts your entire stay in the hotel. Never again will I stay here!Checking out was more of the same. Again with the upselling. So first they get all huffy, and they're like &quot;you have to pay at check out!&quot; Um, yes, I normally expect that at a hotel. But again they are frustrated because my 'voucher' is not a voucher, but a reservation through hotels.com (not prepaid, in this case.) Okay, so I try to pay. Despite the lovely lucite stand sitting on the check in desk saying &quot;We accept visa/master/american express&quot; they refuse to take my card. &quot;Well we don't take cards for such a small amount.&quot; Yeah, like $80 is too small an amount to charge--in India, where I've seen merchants set minimum charge amounts near $2. And it's not like it's some old decal stuck in a place where it can't be removed, or some sponsored sign that has other information on it. It's a brand new sign sitting on the desk that says only that they take the credit cards. Okay, I'll pay cash. Then they refuse to give me a receipt. And the reason? Because they say my internet reservation is my receipt! I just hand this guy a wad of cash, and he's telling me the same piece of paper I had before I paid is now proof of payment. I pushed the issue and got upset, and refused to leave until I had a receipt (fearing that they would then charge my credit card used in the reservation as well and claim they'd never received the cash.) Again with the trip to the travel agency around the corner to speak to the 'management'. He says 'we'll have to charge you more if you get a receipt. We have to include luxury tax then.' and I say 'and you would have cheated the government of the tax otherwise?' The guy says again and again, &quot;we are very honest, how would we stay in business otherwise?&quot; Right after admitting to me he's stealing from the public coffers. And again with the upselling. &quot;Where are you going now? You should just hire a car for the day, only 1100 rupees.&quot; In the end the ride to the airport cost me 500, even though my Indian friend had taken the same ride, also booked through the hotel, the previous day for 350. As I'm getting into the car, the hotel guy says 'well it's 500 for the ride, but 600 if you want A/C'. Well fine then, I don't want A/C. I spend half the ride arguing. Driver tries to sell me on how great the A/C is, then he tries to pull the &quot;I am but a humble servant, and it's so hot, won't you please pay for A/C? Please sir! Please!&quot; I know full well he's getting 150% of the real fare, and I'm not gonna pay him one paisa more on the bait and switch. I tell him if he wants the A/C so badly he should pay the 100 rupees (and he'd still be making more than normal off me!). At this point it's not the money, it's the principle of the thing with the hidden charges etc. I've had to yell at three people from the hotel just to get them to leave me alone. And in approximately 5 months of traveling in India over a period of several years, I've had to resort to yelling when someone just wouldn't take no for an answer only twice before this hotel--once with a beggar who tried to stop me from walking down the sidewalk by blocking my path for about 10 minutes straight, and once with a dishonest internet cafe host.Please, please don't even bother trying this hotel. Karol Bagh is full of comparable hotels at generally lower prices that don't come with a fulltime harrassment program.	
Dec 26 2006 	Hotel Omni is not a hotel	I got hotel booked from my indian partners &amp; this is the worst hotel I've every stayed in! I happened to stay here last month &amp; everything from the service to the rooms were just terrible. The first thing you'll notice would be the smell of damp linen... everything from the bed sheets to pillows stunk with the smell. Check In system was horrible . I left the next morning since it was late in the night and staying in a neighbouring much cheaper, but much cleaner and nicer hotel! I didn't get enough time in India to be able to get the hotel closed, but if I ever do this is the first thing I would do!	
Dec 9 2006	Feel like 5 star hotel. Excellent place to live!	Stayed there for a week. Great service. Awesome staff! Rooms are 5 star standard. Definitely you will get value for money to stay here. I will strongly recommend.	
