Nov 12 2009 	clean comfortable room hotel manager helpful	we stayed here for 2 nights at a price of INR2800 per room per night inclusive of breakfast and all taxes, we later found out that the local travel agencies could have got us a a better deal at INR2000 per room per night inc of taxes and breakfast.the room was clean, air con was very noisy int the room. seemed secure enough, near shops and markets.hotel manager was very helpful and looked after me and my friend as it was diwali, they advised us not to go out alone as we were likely to hit by fire crackers.food was good and prices were cheap in comparison to other places.however on check out, they tried to charge us an extra INR 2800, saying that charges were not included and even tried to charge us extra for breakfast, it wasnt until we called the the hotel manager and said that he had been deceitful that they reduced it back to INR 5600 inclusive of all taxes and breakfast.would recommend a stay here but please ensure that you have it written down by the hotel exactly what the tariff includes or better still get it a lot cheaper via a local travel agency!	
Feb 18 2009 	damp room loud and not so clean	We found Delhi to be a very filthy, polluted and loud city and really would have enjoyed an oasis from the chaos but this was not it. like most of india this hotel was dirty the room looked like it needed a good cleaning. we had a large fan in our bathroom that was very loud with scary exposed wiring and the entire room had a moisture problem. the bedding felt damp. the room service menu was crusted with food. the room was very loud with staff banging things outside the door at all hours of the night. again the typical male staff, no female employees. the breakfast room was a dark dreary place and again felt very dirty. my first suggestion would be to skip delhi as it is a horrible city (we were also warned but did not listen) but if you must go book a 5 star. you are gonna need it. we had lunch at the imperial hotel and it was very nice.	
Feb 10 2009 	Okay though a nice respite from hectic Delhi	We stayed here as part of an Intrepid Tour (North India Highlights). The hotel was a good area with lots of shops and was very close to the Metro. Both times (at the beginning of the trip and at the end) we were placed in rooms that faced the street. While we had windows, the street noise was pretty bad (though it was generally quiet from about midnight to 6 am or so). The bed was comfortable, the bathroom was large, and there was plenty of hot water. The staff was nice, though sometimes pushy. We did eat at the restaurant once (on the rooftop) and the food was actually pretty good.	
Nov 10 2008	Rude reception manager just wants money	Regarding the room, they were fine, i stayed there twice, 2 differents times, booked by travel agent. Rooms are clean, no windows. However mini bar, dont drink the water in there, not sealed, they just refilled from tap water. on breakfast, i saw some insects close to breakfast table, not hygenic at all. Regarding the reception, they dont speak english, main person manager, speak english, but quite rude, try to sell u tour around dehli, or ask to exchange currency, but bad price. If you can find a other hotel, it is better.	
Nov 4 2008	Extreme Caution Needed	We recently returned from India after the marriage of our son in Amritsar. On our way to Amritsar we had to stay one noght in Delhi to catch next days flight to Amritsar.Our agent had advised us that he had booked this hotel for one night for us. Our flight from Kuala Lampur reached Delhi about 9.45pm and we reached the hotel about 11.30 pm to be told that the hotel was full ! A quick call to the agent got them all excited and they offerred us a room but we had to sleep on a mattress on the floor.We refused, then they walked us to a neighbouring &quot;branch&quot; of the hotel- it was dilapidated old building not worthy of being called a hotel. Then they walked us to Sunstar Crown again a few hundred metres away. By then our Agent came in and we asked to be taken to another hotel.We had a long flight from New Zealand- would never recommend anyone to book this place- it is NOT a hotel- pictures on the website are misleading.	
Nov 1 2008 	Great location clean and comfortable rooms.	We stayed here as part of our Intrepid Northern India Highlights tour. It is in a great location, with some excellent shops/restaurants and the metro within walking distance. The rooms and clean and comfortable with snacks and a minibar. The bathrooms are pretty good with big corner baths and a powerful hot shower. The staff are friendly and helpful.	
Jan 23 2008 	Failed to honor booking	Having booked and prepaid for the Sunstar Grand with an online booking service we confirmed the booking and arranged airport pickup with the hotel directly. On arrival in India our first dissapointment was no airport pickup. On arrival at the hotel at 3:00 AM we suffered our next dissapontment when the staff indicated the hotel was full already with was no place for us, we found a substitute hotel with the help of our cab driver.. Subsequent attempts to resolve the issue for refund of money were met with attempts to blame the incident on us for leaving the hotel when requested but not being able to be contacted when they found their mistake.	
Sep 23 2007 	be careful	we found this hotel from a tourist stand in the airport. it looked okay from the pictures and after a not so great stay in amritsar we decided to pay for a decent hotel.hotel itself is good, rooms okay if a little small but hot water and a decent bathroom made up for it. restaurant was good and on the rooftop so was nice to sit up there away from all the hustle and bustle.however.we were told how much the room would be when we checked in but on checking out the price had gone up as they hadnt told us the tax.we wanted to arrange a trip to agra and the receptionist called a man who said he could help us. we were promptly whisked away to a shop where we given some prices and basically told if we didnt book now that either the train or the drivers might not be available. the bloke also told us that he was 'approved' by the tourist board - NOT the case. we were totally ripped off but as we were only there 2days we wanted to make sure we got transport to agra and as it was night time that we were sorting this out didnt have chance to compare any other prices - the following day we found out that it wasnt an approved tourist shop so be very careful if you stay at this hotel.also check before you use the internet at this hotel as there are no signs to warn you of any charge so you could be asked for any amount of money when you logoff!hotel accomodation overall was okay it was a shame the staff werent as helpful as they could've been.	
Jun 8 2007	Okay for a few days	We stayed at the Sunstar Grand in early March of 2007 while sightseeing in Delhi. We are non-resident Indians so we are aware of the realities of hotels in India. It was in a quiet part of the city and generally was safe. The staff was a little sluggish and seemed very eager to earn some tips, but one has to expect this when dealing with a non-luxury hotel in India, especially in a major city. Overall, the room was clean, but the bed linens were a bit worn. We had a room with a bathtub (note: note all bathrooms do), but water leaked onto the floor if you used it. Also, it was very dark in the rooms because there were not really proper windows and there were exhaust vents and a single air conditioner unit attached to the &quot;window&quot;. There was also a noisy pigeon hanging out on our AC. But I have to say, it wasn't bad- we paid about $60 a night, and in a city like Delhi you have to be realistic. It was sufficient enough for us as we were out most of the day sightseeing. Let's face it, we don't go to Delhi to stay in a hotel/resort all day- we go to see the amazing sights. (note: Agra on the other hand had a GREAT hotel- Hotel Howard Plaza).	
Apr 20 2007	ok at a pinch but not out of choice	small roomsOurs on ground floor had no windowsour friends' on 3rd floor smelled of disinfectant. but they were adequate.Breakfast was the worst we had in india. boiled egges, moldy toast, non descript jam, Sunny delight as juice, that it. ah yes, weak instant coffee. It would be better if the hotel went R/O.Restaurant staff were worthless. 4 or 5 staff could'nt get a table cleared for us at breakffast and the hotel was'nt full. this also happened to our friends on the second morning so we ended clearing tables ourselves.Front desk staff were slightly pushy and appeared often whenever a tip seemed extractable. Otherwise they kept away.of all hotels we used in india (7-8) this time this was 2d worst.It will do if you need spend a night but better look elsewhere.	
Feb 5 2007 	Good Economical Hotel	Nice hotel close to the city. Fairy noisy at night time but noise level just enough to get some sleep. Room and bathroom were very clean, modern and spacious. Staff friendly and helpful. Overall, a good hotel at a very reasonable price. Ideal for short stays.	
Jan 31 2007	quite good and clean	We stayed in this hotel twice whilst on a group tour of Northern India. Once at the beginning of the tour and then at the end of 15 days. I had looked at photos on the internet and was pleasantly surprised that our room was better than we expected. It was a good size , located at the back and had a window and good sized bathroom. It had marble floors, cable TV, tea and coffee making facilities which was good and the decor was a bit kitsch but okay. It was very clean and the linen was white and fresh and the bed fairly comfortable for India ( so many are like concrete). It was very cold in Dehli in January so we had to ask for extra blankets as the room was freezing. On our final visit our room had a lovely warm heater. It was a bit noisy and we could hear all the goings on at reception ( we were on the ground floor) and also hear people arriving at strange times in the night. The breakfast area is a bit like a dungeon below with no ambience and we were served white toast, jam, hard boiled eggs and there was a choice of a few Indian dishes. The food in the hotel was ordinary compared to what we ate at other restuarants. The location is okay but not really near anything much - the market was closed on a Monday when we were there. It is cheap to catch an auto rickshaw to Connaught Place though and the metro is nearby which is cheap and clean.	
Jan 13 2007 	Kitsch decor pushy staff small rooms...but ok for a couple of nights	Decor is kitsch, but new, modern and not unpleasant. They've tried to achieve a Swiss chalet-style effect, leading to some strange features such as wood-panel print ceramic tiles in the bathroom. There is a tight marble staircase running down the middle of the hotel and a very slow, but spacious, elevator. Rooms: are small and the bathrooms are very small.On the plus side, the fittings are all new and the room is comfortable. Cable TV. Demand a room with a window, otherwise you will probably be assigned my room (202) , which was windowless. I pulled back the curtain to find a window built into a ventilation shaft. Breakast buffet is good. The food is delicious. The buffet is served downstairs in the pool, sauna, steam room area.Ambience: Noisy. The rooms seem to have little soundproofing between them leading to some embarassment about using the bathroom when one's neighbour is in residence.BEWARE of ridiculous add-on charges when you leave. Suddenly there is a charge for use of the steam room downstairs, or the internet in the lobby. These are nonsense charges - if you didn't sign an invoice agreeing to pay it at the time - as you would with a room service bill, for example - then you don't pay it. I stood there saying 'I'm not paying for it' as each one of these silly charges came up. I had the feeling that it was a self-ennrichment measure run off the books for the benefit of the front-desk staff and bell-boys. Threaten to go to the Tourist Police if they continue to talk at you, the staff rely on your sense of politeness and dislike of confrontation to hassle you into paying more. The staff quickly backed down when challenged on these charges and when they heard me say definitively that I would not pay it.The check-out experience really soured me on the hotel.	
Jan 8 2007 	Get the right room	We stayed there twice. The first time we got a small room (one side of the bed was against the wall so you could only get in it from the other side), with NO window and a shower room. The second time the room was bigger, had a bathroom, and windows :-) In both cases the rooms were clean. You can take a look at the hotel website, which shows pictures of various rooms. Breakfast was included and in winter is served in an unattractive room in the basement, with white neon lights and sort of shower curtains to divide it in two. We were also not impressed by the dirty plastic box with dirty crockery, which had been put on the floor by the entrance. We didn't eat much but other people seemed to enjoy their breakfast.The street is relatively quiet and not too noisy. Beware of beggars, who may try their first approach as soon as you get out of your car.Check also reviews of Sunstar Residency, as some reviewers might have confused the two hotels.	
Aug 24 2009 	¡No lo elijas!		
