May 14 2009 	i'd give this a miss	I stayed at this place for a couple of nights and it was not the best experience i had.the rooms are ok, and the bathrooms are small.It's supposed to be a botuiqe hotel, but it fails to live up to any expectations. it is located bang in the heart of a business district, so that is some saving grace. If getting a good night's sleep is ALL that you are looking for, you may consider this place. However, for the price u pay, there are many, faaaaarrrr better places on offer. I'd give it a miss.PS: Dont even bother with the food. just step out and into one of the MANY restraunts that are a hop skip and jump away.	
Mar 10 2009 	I really liked this hotel.	I was surprised at some of the negative reviews for this hotel because I really liked it. My room was clean and modern. The hotel is not located in a central part of Delhi, which, to my pleasant surprise, I liked. It provided me with an opportunity to walk around a more residential area that one normally would not see if staying in a more central area. It is off a plaza with stores, theatres, (too many) chain restaurants as well as some independent ones. The garbage on the plaza the following morning was substantial (but it gets cleaned up).I agree with the other reviews about not getting the hotel to call you a taxi - they gouge you big time. There is a taxi stand diagonally across the plaza just past the movie theatres. Rates there are good. I simply walked over to the taxi stand, negotiated a good rate, and asked them to come and get me at the hotel (so I didn't have to lug my bags there).The breakfast was okay. Nothing amazing, and the dining room itself is not terribly inviting.I stayed here for one night only as the last night of a tour (supposedly because it's closer to the airport than more &quot;central&quot; hotels, but I'm not sure that there's really much of a difference). Because I stayed at this hotel as part of a tour, I don't know what kind of rate was charged, so can't comment on value in that regard.	
Jan 3 2009	Nothing wrong with Silver Ferns	Wife and I stayed here for 2 nightsbefore tour of Rajistan and 2 at the end.Before we go I read reviews as I always do to see what other travelers say about places where we stay.We have to disagree with nearly all who give Silver Ferns such bad opinion.Hotel is 35 minutes from airport.Rooms are very pleasent and tastefuly decorated.Good aircondition.Tea,coffee facilities.Fridge was out of order.Complimentary 2 bottles of drinking water a day..Basic breakfast but you can order eggs made to to your requirenats.No ham,sausages or cheese.Next door to hotel is a pub (serving food but really bad one).Outside hotel you find chinesee restaurant,pizza hut and a subway as well as McDonald and 7/11 store.Reception staff was pleasent and helpfull.Honestly its nothing wrong with Silver Ferns.	
Jul 5 2008 	Don't let them call you a taxi!	Our Rajistahan tour started at the Silver Ferns Hotel.I guess it is an OK one night stop, it is in a small market area crammed with Western eateries like Mc Donalds and Subway a 7 Eleven and right next door to an Irish Pub.The rooms are adaquate and seemed clean.Breakfast was a very meagre buffet in the basement, the room was not inviting and the food even less so.We asked the porter to call us a taxi to go into New Delhi, they tried to tell us the fare was RP1000, we thought his too high and tried to pay the driver directly at the end of our ride only to find the hotel had told him they were settling the bill.Our return taxi was only RP400; the hotel front desk tried to charge us the RP1000 but we refused and paid them RP500 after lengthy argument. (we learnt they only gave the drive RP400 and were trying to keep the rest for themselves).Unless your tour starts at this hotel I would not recomend it, you can do much better as it is barely three star in my oppinion.Possitive note: it is handy to ATM's and 7 Eleven	
Apr 7 2008 	Not bad	We stayed at this hotel as part of a tour. The hotel was clean and comfortable and breakfast was great. Don't think it really deserved the 4 star rating maybe 3- 31/2 would be more appropriate.Location was good but a fair distance from central Delhi.Some hotel staff were helpful others were snooty with no reason to be.Would stay there again	
Jan 27 2008 	O.K LOCATION	This hotel conveniently located in a small suburban shopping area in a nice part of delhi There were available good cafe/dining facilities, clothes shops,bookstore(great selection and cheap)., ATMS and cheap internet cafe .Although in the centre of this village, our bedroom was not noisy.The hotel was adequate, but on world scale not worth the 4* it was rated. I would give it 3*only.Room facilities were average as were other amenities. Small lounge area with small Reception..T he breakfast and dinner were good.	
Dec 29 2007 	Absolutely ghastly !!!! Warning dirty hotel !!!	I stayed in this so called hotel over the Christmas period 2007 and it was terrible and dirty. The bed linen smelt awful like it hadn't been cleaned after many guests had slept on the sheets!! There was NO HOUSE KEEPING i.e. the rooms were not cleaned whilst you were out. It is mis-represented on it's website showing you pictures of the horel that do not exist !!! No bar, banquenting facilities or spa as suggested on website and the food was sub-standard. We had already been charged for our stay and they didn't even pick me and my elderly mother from the airport but charged us a transfer fee! This is not a hotel and provides very little value for the money they charge. It is a dirty little B n B if you can call it even that ! We checked into the Sheraton after 3 days and it was marvellous and about the same price as this hovel !!!!!PLEASE DO NOT STAY HERE !!!!!!!!!!!	
Nov 25 2007 	Good Position	A new hotel,situated in Saket Shopping Mall.Comfortable,clean room.Meals are good,but if you want your fix of take away food,McDonalds,Subway &amp; Pizza Hut are at your door.About 40 minutes to Airport no problem with noise.Good value.	
