	Delightful period hotel with scope for improvement	If, as seems inevitable, you're landed with paying extortionate prices for Delhi hotel rooms, you may as well go for the period charms of the Ambassador. Lovely ambience and location. Solicitous staff. Bedrooms furnished in a tastefully understated manner. Here are some suggestions for improvements: 1. Beds are a bit military in their springing. Something a little bit more luxurious would be appreciated. And pillows with a natural filling really should be the default in a hotel of this standard.2. When every bedroom overlooking the centre court enjoys the luxury of a balcony, why not make more of it? Put a couple of chairs out on them, perhaps?3. The public areas are not used as well as they could be. The 'Yellow Brick Road' really doesn't make the grade as a coffee shop in a hotel of this status. With its hard chairs, lighting and surfaces, it enjoys all the ambience of a works canteen. Escape from its noise into the softer surroundings of the bar and you're assailed by a Philippino karaoke duo. Please, a little bit of quiet. And the only smart restaurant in the hotel is Chinese. Am I missing something here? Why do I want to eat Chinese food in India?	
Oct 31 2009 	The worst ever	Poor hotel which needs an urgent renovation. Baware that &quot;balcony&quot; does not mean &quot;nice view&quot;. My room was in front of the Air Con system of the hotel, ugly view but also extremly noisy nights and days.But the WORST.....If you like to be bothered during your night by MOUSES running into the air conditionning system of your room then you'll be delighted (I mention MOUSES because I've SEEN them into the grill of my Air Con in my room...).. Insane!	
Sep 20 2009 	Good location spacious rooms	The Ambassador is a charming hotel with a soul. Excellent service from check in to check out, clean and spacious rooms and bathroom. Khan market is in walking distance. Draw back: Small breakfast room and limited selection of food for breakfast. High cost for internet access: 662 IR for 24 hrs. The Ambassador would be my first choice for New Delhi except for the small breakfast room and the very limited selection of breakfst choices.	
Sep 3 2009 	Taj Ambassador - Damaging the Taj brand	This hotel is not worthy of sporting the Taj brand - had this been the first Taj that I had been too, it would have also have been the last. I associate the Taj brand as one of quality but the Ambassador is simply not worthy.The experience begins as you drive up to the hotel, the poor quality barriers to stop traffic alert you to the cheap and nasty nightmare that lies within. As you approach the building, with paint fading, peeling and the landscaping needing serious attention then it starts to feel like a substandard hotel.The lobby is small but acceptable but the reception desk is small and old-fashioned. The service is acceptable but nothing more. The cost of a room is far too high for what is being offered.The walk to my room showed the hotel decor to be tired and dated, it smelled musty and was crying out to be refurbished. My room was terrible - nasty furniture, uncomfortable bed and awful bathroom. I would rather have stayed in a $30 room in Delhi - at least I would have got what I paid for.The quality of the food at the restaurants was not up to the quality of the Mumbai Taj hotels and I could not get myself to stay longer than one night. I checked out and moved to a nearby decent hotel.Taj - drop the brand or spend some money. This hotel is doing you a disservice.The d	
Jul 22 2009 	Close to perfect stay- and will be coming back	Was here for a week of business at the beginning of July and as I am here in Delhi again for another week I booked again at the Ambassador as I had such a pleasant stay my first go around. I will be coming back to Delhi several times over the coming months and I fully intend to stay here.The room themselves are excellent- clean and spacious with great work space (important since I spend a great deal of time working at my computer from my hotel room). Service in the hotel is great as they have a very polite, efficient and helpful staff. They can almost be too helpful at times and I've taken to leaving the &quot;Do not disturb&quot; light on to avoid the seemingly incessent knocks at my door asking if I need anything.The food is also excellent in all 3 restaurants as well as from room service. Only criticism I really have is for the lounge- InSomnia. It could be a great place to relax, if the music weren't so bad- apparently he feels that at the end of a business day a lone business traveller wants to listen to heart-jarring disco beats...Overall great hotel- terrible DJ.	
Jun 19 2009 	Lovely stay	I stayed at Ambassador quite a few times in the past, but this time it wasnt really the same. No dont get me wrong, it was largely because of the metro construction close by that the approach to the hotel became quite a pain. Anyways, i did spent three days in the hotel and the place - once you get inside - has its own quiet charm. The rooms are pretty spacious and I did like the fact that they still have the old kind of balconies in the room where you can go out and stand. The restaurant - Yellow brick stone is quite a hit both for the in-guests and outsiders. It surely has a nice warm feel to it and the menu card in the form of a newspaper was very pretty. The pub is mostly deserted and i didnt find much crowd there and you do feel a bit silly sitting all by yourself in a pub - although the interior and the decor is done quite well. But there is a bit of an old legacy feel to the hotel - in the way its constructed, in the way you see the interiors and also the way you get treated. Room service was pretty good as is the case with most Taj hotels. Overall a pretty good stay at the hotel and i do hope that the metro construction finishes soon so that the approach to the hotel becomes as smooth as it used to be in the past.	
Jun 3 2009 	Good spacious rooms	Huge rooms and bathrooms. Taj service as usual impeccable. Dont expect great views from your balcony. Nearby metro construction can be noisy sometimes. Has a great Non Veg Thali in room service menu	
May 29 2009 	Business pleasure	I found the Ambassador Hotel very convenient. It is certainly well-located, next to the airport. The rooms are clean and comfortable. No complanits about the service.	
May 6 2009 	perfect location for a short business trip	While on a short trip for a conference nearby, I found the Ambassador Hotel very convenient. It is certainly well-located, next to the airport. The rooms are clean and comfortable. No complanits about the service.It may not be the best hotel for the money you pay but it is certainly convenient for a business trip as you avoid travelling on the busy Delhi roads.	
May 1 2009 	I loved the location and the service quality.	It was way back in Feb 2008, when me and my family members decided to visit New Delhi.We were advised by our relatives that the Ambassador, (A part of the Taj Group), is the best hotel available for us, reason being Khan market just next to it.We really had a good time, though or stay was short, but the location and the service quality of the hotel is excellent. The staff is so polite and co operative, which is something I really liked.	
Apr 27 2009 	great hotel in good lcoation	Very good hotel, rooms are large and the staff are friendly and efficient. Good choice at breakfast, insomnia bar is a good choice for drinks and dinner in the Chinese restaurant was good. Taxis are available on demand at the door and the hotel is in a good location. Khan market is a few minutes walk with a good selection of shops for essentials or gifts and some restaurants.	
Apr 19 2009 	great rooms	Rooms are large as well as the bathrooms. Very comfortable. Loved the large tv screen.	
Apr 19 2009 	Business with pleasure	As a formal guest of the United Nations(UNAIDS),going back to Delhi(the city of my alma mater,AIIMS) was indeed very exciting-both in anticipation and also in real terms..The visit was very different from the other official visits to Delhi for formal meetings at NACO,Govt of India where I have queue up to get a pre- paid cab and go through the rituals of shouting my name and destination to the traffic cop supposedly working for the convenience and safety of the passengers.It was real treat to be welcomed by a turbaned and liveried chauffeur with an attendant carrying an exclusive placard with my name calligraph ed as in my MBBS and MD degrees.The big limousine (or at leas t it looked like one to me -used to travelling in black and yellow ambassador taxis with noisy body parts and noisier drivers) or whatever that 'AMBASSADOR vehicle' was, had air conditioned at the right temperature and humidity levels.Before taking my permission to stay back at the airport treated me royally by offering a glass of cold water in a tray which also had the newspaper and two magazines to be read in a drive which any case could not last longer than 25 minutes .Quite expectedly the services in the hotel definitely matched with the 'mobile' outreach services extended to me in the car itself.Indeed an experience I cherish to this day.	
Apr 17 2009 	good location	location is close to the airport. lobby is good but the services are not great.	
Apr 16 2009 	Great Place	Excellent place to stay. i would defintely like to be there again	
Mar 24 2009 	Bit surprised by the reviews we didnt find this value	It is a while since we stayed here but well over 300usd a night is not value for this level of hotel. Delhi clearly has a lack of supply when it comes to hotel rooms as everything was booked solid. This was the most expensive accomodation of our trip and yet the most average accomodation - compared to the TAJ in Mumbai and Goa very basic. The room was large but very basic (felt a bit like an old boarding room with a nice tv). Front desk service was ordinary but the concierge woman was fantastic. Location is quite good being a short walk from Khan mkt and Lodhi gardens. We used a car service one day from the hotel and it was fine. The pool is a tiny above ground pool (the type u used to see in aussie backyards in the 70's and 80's). Brekkie in the little coffee shop was pleasant. Would stay here again if the price was considerably lower.	
Mar 16 2009 	Delhi's best value 5-star service	The decor may not be quite as ritzy as its sister Taj hotels, but this is a great hotel for the price. Amazing service, delicious room service and top-notch linens, toiletries etc. I cannot say enough about the hospitable and helpful staff. When this hotel is discounted on websites, it is well worth the extra $30-$50 over other mid-range hotels. Outstanding location too - walking distance to Western-catering Khan market.	
Feb 5 2009 	Very Nice Hotel	Great Staff, Nice Decor, Big Rooms, Very Comfortable Beds, Good Food. Downsides were a hotel pick up from the Airport that was 45 minutes late, very small lifts and the price of the hotel is a bit too much for what the hotel provides.	
Jan 23 2009 	If you have to stay in a Delhi hotel ........	Delhi is under-hoteled and therefore over priced. Ambassador is not the best hotel in town: it may be the best value for money. Some may say that it cries for a refurb. There are past their time tenanted shops on the ground floor outside. The retail concessions inside are modest. The nearby Khan Market is one of Delhi's best shopping areas, and blessed with interesting small, international-menu restaurants. For India it is relatively quiet, just out of town, mercifully free of beggars and con-men at the door. We appreciated the large rooms, fairly well appointed, even if they were done some time ago.During the extension of the Delhi Metro the pool was out of bounds. Management kindly provided free transport to the better pool and gym of the nearby Taj Hotel.	
Jan 21 2009 	Ambassador was pretty good	The Ambassador hotel is a clean, western style hotel that made a good base for us for our first few days in India. The rest of the trip we stayed in much less posh hotels, but this was a comforting place to first land. It looks like your average American 3 star hotel. What made it great for us was that the staff was extremely helpful, the driver they provided was really great, and they went out of our way to help us navigate Delhi and arrange the rest of our trip. I'd recommend this to people looking to ease into India.	
Jan 2 2009 	Highly Recommend this Hotel	I stayed at the Ambassador Hotel for 2 nights. The room was large, comfortable, and nicely appointed. This is an older hotel with a nice ambiance.The construction for the Delhi Metro was right outside my window. When I saw it, I immediately asked to be moved to a different room. I was told it would be impossible that night, but they could move me the next day. However, I was not overly bothered by the noise and decided to stay in the original room for my second night.The restaurant provided an adequate, tasty breakfast buffet.There are three roof top patios’ (all on the same floor). They are hard to find but nice to sit on.The hotel staff are very friendly and efficient.I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Dec 27 2008	Very conveniently located	I spent a most enjoyable 2 1/2 days at the Ambassador just before Christmas. The location was perfect for the places I wanted to visit, and when the metro subway station that is being constructed next door is completed in a couple of years, this will become one of the most conveniently located hotels in the city.As at other hotels in the city, in response to the recent terrorist attack in Mumbai, security measures were taken quite seriously. All vehicles were searched before being allowed to enter the grounds, and visitors and guests were required to pass through metal detectors, in addition to being physically searched and having any packages scanned for suspicious contents. In fact, there was a veritable army of security personnel on hand at the gates and the entrance (I saw more staff there than anywhere else in the entire hotel).As noted in other reviews, this is not one of the premier Taj properties. If you are looking for glitz and glitter, or are booking a room for your honeymoon, you'll do far better to look at the sister Taj down the road. But if you are just looking for a safe, clean, and comfortable place to lie down at night, you should consider the Ambassador if you can get it at a reasonable price.I had searched for a room on kayak.com, which led me to a discount hotel room broker where I was able to book a room for Rs. 6580 per night before taxes (about US$ 136). (Note that, as at other hotels, the taxes substantially increase the total cost.) Right before booking through the internet, I had called the hotel to inquire as to the lowest rate available and was quoted approximately Rs. 11000 -- so check for internet discounts before you book!Wireless internet access cost an additional fee -- about Rs. 750 per 24 hours. I had no problems at all getting a strong signal from my room. (But internet access in a business hotel in this day and age really should be included in the price of the room.)At check in, I requested a quiet room to avoid any noise from the metro station construction, and I was given a room in one of the triangular hotel's wings that faces away from the construction site. The room had a balcony that let in a lot of light, but overlooked a rather unattractive inner court. I wasn't disturbed by any noise from the metro construction site during my stay, but then I really didn't hear much noise coming from the site as I walked right by it several times over the course of my stay. On the other hand, I could clearly hear the voices of people in the hallway from my room. And there were occasional, tolerable noises from renovations that were apparently underwear elsewhere in the hotel.The room was immaculate and very comfortable, although the mattress was quite firm. There were faint traces of unpleasant odors in the hall outside my room (I think from painting or other renovation work) and from the airconditioner in the room (mouldy smell), but the temperature was such that it wasn't really necessary to turn on the aircon since there was also a fan in the room.All of the staff with whom I interacted, from check in, to housekeeping, to laundry staff, were gracious and friendly. (And, I might add, astonishingly attractive.)The fitness center was pretty rudimentary -- a couple of treadmills, a couple of other cardio machines, and some free weights. The pool is under renovation, but a car was offered to transport guests to the sister property down the road if a dip in the pool was desired.I very much appreciated that when I asked the staff the typical cost for a taxi to the airport, I was told that a hotel car was available (I think the fee was Rs. 1050 plus tax), but that an alternative was a black-and-yellow taxi for Rs. 350, which is what I took, after having to wait only a couple of minutes for the taxi to drive over. (Certain other hotels would not have mentioned that the lower-cost option was available.)My only complaint apparently arose from a misunderstanding at checkout. I had planned to pay for a 3-night stay, intending to check out on the third evening to catch an 11:00pm flight. As I was checking out, the clerk noted that the terms for the discounted rate of my room prohibited any modifications to the scheduled stay. He said that since I was checking out &quot;early&quot; (8 pm on the third night rather than before noon the following morning), I would be charged a full-night as a cancellation penalty. We got into an argument over whether or not this was a cancellation. In retrospect, I think he must have mistakenly thought I was trying to get the hotel to allow me to just pay for 2 nights and be allowed to check out very late on the third day (either that or he was just clueless).Overall, I would recommend a stay here if you can get a room under US $160 per night (maybe even $200 if it's high season and the supply of rooms in hotels of this caliber around the city are tight). I can't see paying anything like $300, such as mentioned in other reviews.	
Nov 13 2008	Odd Mixture of classic and modern	Like India itself, the Ambassador is hard to describe in a few sentences. It is a grand old property, with large &quot;staterooms.&quot; Mine had a huge balcony as well as a fireplace -- neither serving any purpose beyond decoration, but evoking some bygone era. The location is convfenient. The clientele is diverse and appears travel-wise. The restoration of the hotel is schitzophrenic. The hallways and rooms have some pictures and features invoking the Raj. To get to my 4th floor room, you had to walk outside on a funky roof terrace to get to the other wing. But these are offset by bad imitiations of charmless 1970's Holiday Inn room design, e.g. shower/bath and boxy, uncomfortable chairs. The breakfast restaurant is equally odd, a cramped space, painted yellow, far from the lobby, that could have been some roadside dive in the U.S., but incongruously decorated with colonial era posters and knicknacks.The staff is unfailingly cheerful and helpful on the whole, but i had some issues at checkout as they attempted to charge for airport shuttle service, which had been promoted as a free benefit. (They did erase the charge.) Internet wifi was unreliable. From what I've seen, there aren't many Delhi hotels that are neither pretentious nor seedy. The Ambassador fills that niche.	
Nov 4 2008 	Functional Hotel nice and quiet	Its an old colonial property perfectly converted into a great hotel. The service was excellent and just loved the restaurant, which reminded me of a typical American breakfast restaurant. The food was simply excellent and when we booked, they were offering a huge discount so got it at a very good price. It is very close to a central business area of New Delhi. I will suggest it for business travelers as well as for tourists. :-)	
Oct 13 2008 	Beware Construction Site night time work!!!!!	We arrived at The Ambassador on October 5th and checked in at around 10:30pm from the airport and were &quot;upgraded&quot; to a room which overlooked the construction site!!! working thru the entire night!!! Even with earplugs I could hear it!! Trying not to be rude or impolite I tried to deal with it but at 5am I had to go downstairs to complain... the front desk person said that the hotel was completely booked... they had a sign up apologizing for the noise ... if I had come down sooner she would have switched the room (it was fully booked? she just said) offered to let me sleep for a few hours in a room that someone just checked out of!!! I had to wait until Mr Vishal Sekhri arrived to resolve it. We were checking out at 9 am!!! he offered me 25% rate reduction and a snack for the road trip to Agra. Total charge for the room 210.00 USD after the discount. He also said that had I notified them earlier that he could possibly have worked something out with the other Taj Hotel in Delhi and moved us to the other hotel. We paid for our own breakfasts. He promised that he would contact the Taj View Agra to make sure that we had a nice stay... We arrived in Agra and the hotel is no longer the Taj View ... it's called The Gateway and is no longer part of the chain. I'm warning people not to stay there if they are offered a room on the construction side of the hotel... It was TOTALLY NOT FAIR ... not give us an option or tell us personally when we checked in. WHY!!!! would anyone &quot;UPGRADE&quot; a guest to a room which is affected by the construction noise that goes on all night!!!?? they should have told us personally when we checked in and NOT assumed that we read the sign about the construction noise... we didn't . It is so disrespectful and unfair to try to make people pay for that kind of room with out giving them an option. My niece stayed in an interior room and didn't hear the heavy machinery..her stay was fine. aesthetically nice hotel... I'm sure it would have been great if we weren't affected by the construction noise... please ask not to be placed in a room on that side or beware... for now.	
Sep 26 2008 	Pretty bulk standard hotel	Not a bad hotel - we had just finished a 19 hour train trip and were pretty exhausted, so the comfy bed was much appreciated - but it's quite old looking and very expensive for what it is. The Sheraton was full, which was how we ended here, but that is a much nicer (and cheaper) place. It's comfy but at £150 a night you don't really get your monies worth. We were only there for a few hours though, so did not get to sample anything much except the bed.Also, beware, the front desk will try to charge you in sterling, thereby giving you their exchange rate, which, like all hotels rates, is lower than you will get from you credit card company.	
Sep 19 2008 	Very good luxury value for money	Being a Taj hotel, I expected high quality amenities and service and that's definitely what we got. We stayed at the hotel for 14 days (4+5+5) during our holiday in India in their superior room, which is a bit bigger than the standard. The room was spacious with comfortable furniture and very attentive staff who ensured that the room was cleaned and tidied, twice a day, the bathroom was cleaned and checked twice a day and minibar was always well stocked. Fruit and small floral decorations were always fresh.The 24 hr restaurant is a bit small, but the breakfast is very good and the service is very good. I used the 24 hr business centre a few times, everything worked just as I wanted.We found Larry's (odd name for a Chinese restaurant) to be one of the better Chinese restaurants in Delhi - and we've tried a fair number of them. The hotel is next to Khan market, so going for a stroll to shops and restaurants is a breeze.The hotel is very central, just 1 km from India Gate, so getting to places all over Delhi is easy. I spent hours in the horrenduous Delhi traffic, so I really appreciated the 15-30 mins I saved daily (compared to the luxury hotels nearer the airport).Since the swimming pool was closed due to some construction work, we were offered a free car to drive us to the other Taj hotel just 2 minutes away and use all the facilities there just by showing them our room card. We charged our poolside expenses and retaurant bills to our room and when we were done, we just asked for a complementary car tht drove us back to the Ambassador free of charge. A bit more cumbersome than taking a lift down to the pool, but we can't grumble.Considering the price, we were genuinely surprised that this rennovated 1930's hotel was so luxurious.Will I stay there again? You bet.	
Sep 16 2008 	No Fuss Hotel	Taj Ambassador is situated near the Mansingh road and is easily one of the best localities in New Delhi. This hotel is not so grand but is a no fuss hotel. A top notch taj service is what you can express. Rooms are about 350 sqft. It has all the modern amenitites of a 5 star hotel. THe hotel is small and a cozy one. Ambassadors breakfast is a little small considering its Taj. But one can expect a great deal of ala -carte menu. If you dont look for grand lobbies at the hotel than this one is the best deal for you as you will be almost experiencing the 5star quality and service from the Ambassador. But ya dont forget to visit the Taj Mahal jus 700 mts away from the ambassador, its worth a watch.	
May 26 2008 	The Taj - Unplugged	The Hotel Taj Ambassador is one of the most affordable hotels of the Taj group.  A forty minute drive from the airport and your greeted by a white dressed doorman, not in his Taj uniform but with a Taj smile. The lobby is just about ok. Nothing special; no Belgium Chandeliers or Italian fabric sofas. No forty feet ceiling either. Decent though its what you would expect from a 3 star property in Delhi. The check in was really quick. In less than five minutes I was unpacking. The room was decent enough. It had a good sized bed, a sofa and table, mini office chair and desk, a large mirror, a wardrobe with locker, forty inch Samsung LCD TV and a mini bar. The daikin air con was really powerful to take the Delhi heat. The bathroom was really big. It had a huge mirror and bathtub. Sadly the only area where you can bath is in the tub. Careful as it can be slippery. The hotel has two restaurants and one bar. The first one is called the Yellow Brick Road. A small multi cuisine cum 24/7 coffee shop. Cant call this one as cozy or star decor. It serves the morning breakfast as well. The breakfast was nothing great, limited dishes and no live kitchen. They serve Polk. Something I didn't like. Usually Polk and beef are not served in breakfast in most hotels that I have been to, keeping in mind religious sentiments of the two communities. I could not try it for lunch or dinner as it was always packed. The second restaurant is called The Larry's China. With a limited menu choice the dishing are both spicy and pricey. A gravy dish is for anything between 475 to 1100 Inr. Many of my favorite dishes like Chinese fried chicken and fried ice cream were missing. The chef promised me these on my next visit. You may want to try the lemon chicken.  The bar was out of bounds for me as I don't drink. They have a gym and a spa ( affiliated to mystic ) on the fifth floor. It has two techno gym treadmills and two cross trainers along with a couple of free weights. No strength machines. The spa is with limited massage treatments.   The young staff ( many trainee's I assume ) are always on their toes. Anything you want its a smile Yes Sir and its done. They never seem to refuse to anything. I do believe the property has a swimming pool but I could visit it during my two day stay. The hotel exterior looked dated. It really needs a paint job. Moreover its sandwitched between two sets of apartments giving it a rather two star look. Lot of lazy taxi drivers sleeping around. All in all a good two day stay which was well worth the money. I booked through their web site as it makes it thirty percent cheaper than booking over their front office. The Taj experience is always unique. Whether its their five star property or a three star one. They really know how to take care of a guest. I have been to many hotels across the length and breath of my great country. This group really knows a guests needs and makes sure every stay is memorable. A group which believes in acquiring historical palaces and converting them into hotels rather than building modern structures. At checkout you would want to come back soon. A feeling very few hotels can offer you. However its Taj unplugged. If you want the full Taj experience try the one right behind this hotel. The big apple &quot;The Taj Mahal.&quot; I had the time to visit it. Its simply out of the world and can be compared to none other than The Imperial Delhi. On my next visit in july it would be between these two hotels.Best wishes	
Jan 28 2008 	Not the best Taj hotel but a good stay for the price	This is the lowest rent Taj hotel I've ever been to, but it was still clean and comfortable. I had the feeling that this was the hotel where the Taj organization trains a lot of their staff. We ran into at least 3 &quot;trainees&quot; while we were there 2 nights. The staff seemed rather confused in general, but luckily I didn't need to call on them for any emergencies/The building has a colonial feel. One quirk is that we had to walk through an uncovered outdoor patio on our floor to get from the elevator to our room. Next the Khan market and easily accessible everywhere by cab or tuktuk.The restaurants in the hotel were kinda lame. For a real treat, take a cab a few minutes up the street to the super posh Taj hotel and take your pick of fantastic restaurants.	
Dec 30 2007 	Good location but an 'international' hotel	This hotel is a very good standby for New Delhi. By far its best attraction is its location. It is in New Delhi so good wide streets, next door to Khan Market (not a market but a small area of good standard shops) and close to Lodi Gardens if you wanted a stroll. Also close to some good restaurants if you don't want to eat in the hotel.We stayed in heritage hotels for the rest of our stay so this hotel was never going to stand up by comparison. It is more of a business hotel. The rooms had no character but were big and clean. The breakfast was very average, service good but the food is not of the high quality we experienced the rest of our time in India. In conclusion, there was nothing wrong with the hotel but it just won't be one of the highlights of your trip. If you do stay, the Chick Inn about a 10/15 minute walk is well worth the effort. It was recommended to us by our guide. Apart from us, the rest of the people in there were Indians which was good testimony. The walk to the place is mostly on main roads and we felt very safe. Try the garlic bread.	
Nov 12 2007 	Quirky Hotel	I received a lovely welcome after arriving exhausted into Delhi. This level of warmth, professionalism was shown by all staff thoughout my stay. The internal restaurants were great too - very quirky - bordering in kitsch but very humourous too. The location was great, rooms good size and it was great to go for a walk in the nearby park in the mornings before the heat of the day. A little dated but that adds to the charm!	
Aug 30 2007	A First Rate Hotel	We stayed at the Ambassador Hotel, New Delhi, from the 23rd – 24th July 2007. Our party consisted of two adults and two young children. We were en route from Calcutta to Trivandrum using Rajdhani Express rail services.Our suite at the Ambassador was absolutely huge, clean and well maintained. We found staff at this property to be efficient and eager to please. Once settled in we went to their small swimming pool, accessed by walking through the ‘Yellow Brick Road’ coffee shop on the ground floor. We were there for around a couple of hours and the kids had a bite to eat whilst the adults read the newspapers and magazines poolside.I was feeling a bit under the weather, which had nothing whatsoever to do with the hotel. I ended up going to bed for the rest of the day. Staff offered to get a Doctor, which I declined. They came round with a number of bottles of mineral water at no extra cost, which I thought was a nice gesture. I had no dinner, however the other family members did eat downstairs. They thought the food was fine. In their absence I was able to connect to the hotel’s Wi Fi network.Breakfast at the Yellow Brick Road café was actually very good. Chicken sausages, beans, hash browns, cold meat, fruit, cereals, local food, croissants, eggs (fried, scrambled, boiled or omelettes) etc. Even though it was a buffet, staff were very helpful and brought tea, coffee and hot chocolate (for the children). They also organised the omelettes and fried eggs. No matter was too much for them. The Taj Group clearly train their staff well.	
Aug 14 2007 	Good choice next to Khan Market	Stayed 7 nights in June and enjoyed the stay very much. The room (205) was huge with slightly old interior but very clean and the bathroom was excellent with quality toiletries (loved the lemon soap!). Not necessarily a 5-star establishment, but the price was right and the proximity to Khan Market was a great bonus in the summer heat.	
Jun 12 2007 	Very good hotel (by Indian standards though)	This would probably be an overpriced, just average hotel somewhere else, but in Delhi this is actually a good choice if you get the discount rate booking through the Internet.Service at the hotel is good, with plenty of attentive staff everywhere. Rooms are not modern but they are large and comfortable. Some of them are being slowly renovated (I had a 42'' LCD TV in my room while some coleagues got an old 21''). Toiletteries and fresh fruits in your room are renovated dayly. Food at the hotel is ok, but the hotel being just a block away from the Khan Market allows you to avoid the ridiculous prices of the restaurants and eat at an expensive (again, by Indian standards) but safe and tasty place (like &quot;The Big Chill&quot; -- great food and desserts) at half the price.The low points: - Pool: Small, sometimes bad smelling, plus you have to go through a restaurant to get there.- Wi-Fi: I think it's ok to charge this service, but US$ 7 per hour seems a bit too much. Same with calls, just use the payphone at the shop next to the hotel.	
May 9 2007 	Comfortable but problems at the front desk	The facilities and rooms at the Ambassador are good. Nothing over-the-top luxurious but definitely comfortable. My room was a suite. It was usually well cleaned except for one day in my week-long stay they did not replace the flower in the bud vase or the towels. I of course didn't care about the flower but had to call for towels to take a shower. Overall, though, the room was clean, quiet, and spacious. The hotel felt safe.The room had a lot of extra amenities: minibar, bandaids, robe, slippers, shoe wax, toothbrush, toothpaste, etc...Room service was excellent, as was the breakfast provided with the room price.Wireless was available, but for a considerable cost. I think that a hotel that markets itself as a &quot;business hotel&quot; should have free wireless. I had a snafu with booking that took several trips to the front desk to be fixed. The people at the front desk were friendly but quite unhelpful with trying to resolve this issue.	
May 1 2007 	Enjoyed the tranquillty of the hotel	Despite what others have written, I really enjoyed this hotel. I have stayed at many of the other 4-5 star hotels in India and although this hotel is a bit older than some of the other hotels, I actually liked the charm and enjoyed the convenience of the location. The staff was great. The accomodations, although not extravagent, were comfortable. The dining area was quaint and made me a feel a bit more at &quot;home&quot; than a lot of the other big chain hotel.	
Apr 17 2007 	Ambassador a deco delight!	My superior room was huge, comfortable and included immaculate bedding and fresh flowers. The hotel is a small , quiet gem, with staff who truly care. An oasis from the chaos of Delhi, steps from Khan Market (good shopping). Stayed there twice on recent trip, and felt a tug when leaving. Well-stocked mini bar with reasonable prices, and also a small 'tuck shop' at the edge of the building. Excellent breakfast at the Yellow Brick Road was included in my room package.If you begin or end your India visit in Delhi, the Ambassador will add to the fascination. If it wasn't half a world away I would return just for the enjoyment of the hotel.	
Apr 7 2007	Ripoff	After staying at some of the best Taj properties all over India, this one just stinks in comparison. We went during high season, butstill, paying $300 for a dinky little room with peeling paint, moldy bathroom with broken tiles and ancient fixtures is just one huge ripoff! I can't figure out at all how this even qualifies as a Taj hotel.The restaurants there are pretty good, but for my money, I'd stay elsewhere and just come here for a meal.	
Mar 31 2007 	HUGE Rooms! -- Pleasant Stay...	This was the first hotel we stayed in when we were in Delhi. The lobby is nice and the staff was fine. The rooms are absolutely enormous. We had a balcony and sitting area. We had 6 in our group, so three rooms. Some of the rooms even had a flat plasma screen TV in their rooms. The bathrooms are enormous too. THey didn't have the &quot;extra amenities&quot; like a robe or slippers, but it was very comfortable. The bed was very soft and comfortable. Breakfast was included and it was very good -- buffet style with eggs that you can be ordered separately. We had dinner there as well. It wasn't the best, but they did have a lot of variety and it wasn't that expensive (especially for a hotel). Overall, it was a nice hotel, but not over the top in service. If you want space, this is a great choice.	
Feb 20 2007	Way overpriced money games at check-out. Towels from old Motel 6?		
Feb 6 2007	Great location		
Jan 17 2007 	Very pleasant excellent location		
Jan 6 2007 	average but ok for delhi		
Jan 1 2007 	Great location lovely hotel		
Nov 20 2006 	Quaint with Quality		
Oct 27 2006 	Quality Business/Tourist Hotel		
May 8 2006	Overpriced		
Aug 24 2005	Shabby but Comfortable		
Mar 9 2005	Overpriced poor rooms great people		
