Oct 3 2009 	Value for Money	We booked this hotel at the last minute as our initial plans on lodging got messed up and I was not able to access Trip Advisor to read the reviews about the hotels in New Delhi. I was very skeptical while booking this hotel as I was accompanied with my whole family from Chennai to New Delhi and I want to ensure nothing more messes up with our plan.The Hotel from it’s outside gave us a not so good impression as it is fully surrounded by Shops and the Hotel is located in the Commercial area, however, after walking inside the room we felt that we have booked a decent and economical room in New Delhi. We were a family of 4 and the Hotel Staff was kind enough to accommodate all 4 of us in a Deluxe A/c Room for Rs. 3,500/- per night. The Hotel is located right near the Karol Bagh Market which is an added advantage for all bargainers in Shopping. They have a Andhra restaurant and the food was very good. Overall, we felt that this Hotel was value for money.	
Sep 8 2009 	Cheap - both in terms of rate and service	I stayed with my wife and her parents for 3 nights at Southern Hotel. The rooms and the service were woefully bad. In the 3 nights we stayed my in-laws had to chang rooms thrice. The first night we were offered rooms in an extended block in a street nearby; the second night they were offered a room where the w/c flushes did not work properly and where there was no proper exhaust fans; finally on the last night of their departure, they were offered a good room. The rooms offered to us were also not of high standard. The rooms might have the latest television sets but the condition of the rooms and the bathrooms (including the finish) were substandard. Their travel desk, though manned by a couple of courteous staff, do have the odd disrespectable staff who managed to cause some aggravation. Their staff need more training on customer service. The private delhi city tour we had was also not upto the mark as the driver who also happened to be the guide did not know all the details about the places he was taking us to. In short, we had the most unpleasant stay at the hotel, though I do have to add that at the end, we were offered complimentary drops at the airport for the bad experience we had gone through (a decent gesture but surely not enough to compensate for the experience)This is a cheap hotel that will be reflected in the decor and service. If cost is paramount to you and if you don't mind the state of the rooms or the service, then fine. Otherwise, please steer well clear of this place.	
Jul 13 2009 	Feedback to Southern Hotels Delhi	While booking a room online the pictures showed a different image than what i was faced with when i was allotted a room in the hotel.The room was shabby, with cracked walls and missing soft finish patches and the Bathroom was also stinking, definitely not a room worth Rs 1800 +. Also the Travel desk said that the car i had asked for in the night, would be ready in the morning and when i called in the morning to double check, i got a blunt answer that there are no vehicles available.The billing was also done incorrectly and had i not noticed that the clerk at the billing desk had charged me for a day, where in i had already paid for a day while booking the room online, i would have ended up paying double the price and that too for such a bad experience.	
Jul 13 2009 	"I feel its a good and safe place for families"	i saw the review of Hotel Southern from one of the review sites. our stay was comfortable. The rooms were good. and they also provided the complientary transfer from the airport. overall i appreciate the services of the hotel.	
Jul 8 2009 	liked the place services. you can definetely try this place for value for money	I stayed in this hotel last week while on a business trip. room are good. they had transfered me from Airport to hotel, which is a great service in Delhi city. i liked the place and highly recommed it to the fellow travrellers. yeh the tour department and the restaurants are a must try in case you are planning a weekend trip to Agra to see the great TAJ MAHALhern Travels. We highly recommend this place to our fellow travelers.	
Jun 11 2009 	loved the room	A very nice place and perfect for tourist. Very close to airport, centre of city with lot of options for shopping, close to metro and sights. rooms and service is nice but only issue was that food was south indian so more preferred to them.	
Jun 8 2009 	The best accomodation and will not empty your pocket	This was the best hotel. Not only is this the opinion of only mine but I have brought a number of guests to this hotel (foreign and Indian nationals) and they have loved this place. Their hospitability and the cleanliness of this place is worth seeing and experiencing. If you need cleanliness as well as a hotel with economic tariff do check in this hotel. Well, if you are going there for the first time, do allow the hotel guys to get adjusted with you. And book in advance for the best service.Hotel Southern is a wonderful place to stay. Its a safe and secure place. I have never had regrets for staying or suggesting others to stay. You may never believe that at least 50 to 70 guests of mine have stayed in this hotel from time to time throughout the year. They never had regrets.John	
Apr 28 2009 	Excellent Budget Hotel	We have reached this hotel on 12 Apr 09, they have arranged complimentray Pickup from airport. Hotel Rooms are very good with very good furniture, Food is very good and 24 hours reception. The location is very good, nearer to Karol Bagh Market, there is a biggest shopping mall in this area, This is biggest shopping mall in ASIA. New building, new furniture. Totally Its very good expirence in New delhi.	
Apr 27 2009 	THE BEST HOSPITALITY	A very comfortable stay with perfect staffs . one can go even alone and stay even if ur a lady . very much safety in all aspects . pakka friendly staffs from reception to bell boys.	
Feb 16 2009	Collected 	It was difficult to find a reasonably priced hotel in New Delhi that had some sort of track record. We finally took a chance and chose the Southern. Ok, its not the Oberoi Cecil but for the money and a very short stay it was fine. We were collected from the airport as agreed and taken to the railway station at 4.00am. They arranged a city tour, car and driver for 8 hrs Rs.750. All in all I think good value for money at £40.00 a night for a double room. Not the place to stay for more one or two nights.	
Dec 17 2008 	Delux Hotel offering great facility !	offering the ultimate hospitality, courtsey, great food, homely atmosphere, comfort, elegant furnishings ! My stay was really worth !!	
Dec 17 2008 	It was pleasant stay in Delhi.	The hotel was centrally located and is ideal for tourists who proceed to pilgrimage circuits such as Char Dham etc. But please check out regarding the clause of free drop to Railway station as it is given in quotes &quot;subject to availability&quot;, and can put you in trouble if you depended on them as we faced trouble in the last moment. We had to hire a taxi from outside when the hotel did not provide us with the &quot;free drop&quot; and got away with this clause.	
Dec 7 2008 	DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS TO ANY BUSINESS TRAVELLER	We booked the hotel through the website [-]. The pictures and the description is totally misleading. The hotel is spread over two buildings. We were given rooms in the adjoining building (which was a commercial building with shops on both sides). Only the top two floors of this building had hotel rooms. The restaurant, reception etc was all in the main building. We asked to be put in the main building but were told that there were no deluxe rooms in the main building. Imagine, having pass through the shops selling household items and travel agents to get to the breakfast table in the morning. As you can imagine, even a bottle of mineral water took 25 mins to arrive in the room. We were to call the reception and it took a lot of time for the service people just to get to our room. Also, as soon as you get out of the lift, you see bystanders/hawkers. We had a feeling that even our luggage was not safe.The food and the service in the restaurant was not at all good. The average wait time for the food to arrive after placing order is 45 mins to 1 hour. Also, no other good restaurants in the vicinity.The location is Karol Bagh but there is a shortage of Cabs/ rickshaws in the vicinity of the hotel.I would not recooment the hotel to any traveller.	
Aug 15 2008 	Dont just go by the website	I was less then happy when I turned up at about 1am to be taken to my rooms, I asked to see the rooms before I would take my cases to the rooms.When I saw the rooms which was a deluxe room I was not very happy bunny, so I went down and made it clear that if I am not given a better room at the same price then I would be going else where.I was then offerd two super deluxe rooms for the same rate as the deluxe but they wouldn't be available til the following night so we had to make do with the deluxe room for the first night.after the first night service was much better and my family and i enjoyed our stay	
Mar 29 2008	Good value rooms for New Delhi	..., but the breakfast is pretty basic, with little western options.Make sure you get booking confirmation via email, as you may have problems we had at check-in as we booked via email with the hotel... (but they upgraded us to compensate). Have good travel agency next door so can book New Delhi tours or other trips around Delhi, and trains nationally.Rooms are good value and have good facilities for the price, providing you book the super deluxe and above tariffs...	
Jan 29 2008	Absolutely no	You can find something better for a bit more - so do. Internet pictures are from another era so don't be fooled by those. Once you get to your room, they are OK, but getting there is through a scary neighborhood - you leave the reception area to go down an unsecured alley. We arrived late, and they had switched our booking to a hotel down the street that was even more scary but it was 1 in the morning - so no place to complain. Staff is not very helpful - particularly the middle aged guy at the front desk. No nearby restaurants or shopping. Pay a little more and enjoy Delhi. Trip advisor has other recommended hotels - read the reviews and pay a bit more - how often are you in Delhi??	
Jan 5 2008 	Only if you have to...	The rooms were clean enough. However, having to go out to the street from the Check-in area to the rooms is scary in the middle of the night, especially given the run-down appearance of the neighborhood.The hotel offers complimentary pick-up for their more expensive rooms. I was pleasantly surprised that they sent a person to receive us. However, this turned to dismay as he called for the car after seeing us and it took about an hour and a half of waiting to get in a car. Sure enough, this delay meant that the hotel's restaurant was closed for the night - significant problem when traveling with a small child.Overall, I would not recommend this for families with kids if you are coming from the U.S. Probably more suitable for adults and adventure travelers.	
Dec 7 2007 	Not recommended- dirty and scary	My husband and I had booked three nights at this hotel and left after one. We arrived in Delhi in the middle of the night and got to the hotel at around 4am. Next to the check-in desk there was a doorway covered in a sheet- behind it several people were sleeping on the floor. Our room was shabby and cramped, nothing like the pictures on the website. There were no towels and no toilet paper. The sheets didn't look clean and there was dirt in all of the corners. Random people were hanging around, walking up and down the hall all night and talking loudly. Worst was the foot-wide hole in the wall of the bathroom that opened into an airshaft. The sounds of other people's bathroom activities came in all night. We lay awake, trying to get some sleep, until 8am when we started calling other hotels. Thank goodness we found another hotel and got out of Hotel Southern by 9am.	
Feb 26 2007	If you whant go in New Delhi you must stay in HoI	if you whant go to new delhi you must stay in hotel southern! this is very indian, verry nise and very clin hotel. moust profesional and good staff, verry intresting food. there is verry reasonable price. in southern you are at home. be sure! you arn in the best area in new delhi when you live in southern.bakur from tbilisi.georgia27.02.07	
Feb 26 2007 	A great Web site deception	They were supposed to wait at airport and they didn't. I tried to call hotel few times nobody answers. After two hours I picked a local cab to hotel. Local India taxi driver start laughing at me what kind of hotel I picked up. Area, where hotel is, is quite grabby even according New Delhi standards. Rooms are simply disgusting. Outside hotel it is a mess. I left hotel after 20 minutes and paid charges for one night. It was not possible to brave this hotel.	
Feb 22 2007	A little out of the way	Not a bad hotel, in a bit of an odd location in Karol Bagh, but only a 5-10 min walk to the metro station which makes getting round quite easy. Definately spend the extra money for an executive suite, good sized room and nice bathroom, though zero view and relatively noisy outside. Saw the standard rooms, and they were 'cozy'. The complimentary airport pickup is a bonus, specially if its your first time in India, and they did show up...eventually! Food was quite good (complimentary breakfast not so good) from room service, nice curries, though the sag paneer was the most radioactive looking one I have ever seen!Staff friendly enough and willing to help, over all not a bad choice for a budget ish hotel in the relatively pricey Delhi	
Jan 14 2007 	Oh how deceiving pictures can be	When I first pulled up outside this hotel in the taxi I had to triple-check the address, and ask the receptionist before being convinced that it was indeed the one I'd seen online. Put simply, the hotel in reality is absolutely nothing like what it's website portrays. Ok, so many of the streets in the Karol Bargh area are very grubby, albeiet quite a convenient central location, however the difference between what was promised online, and what I got more than warrants me writing this review. The hotel lobby looks impressive enough - especiallly considering the outside is a complete mess. The receptions was helpful enough. First problem - I'm told check-out time is 8:30am. I was told this previously on an email from them when I booked - when I told them I would choose a different hotel because of it they changed it to midday - when I arrived they knew nothing about this and said they would need to charge me.Guy takes me out into the street and up the most filthy alleyway which leads to an outside building that leads in turn to where my room is. I had booked the 'executive suite' - on first view the room looked ok - but once the door was shut, I had time to see how bad it was. The room was completely infested with cockroaches. Everywhere - running around the bed, the bathroom....I was simply too tired to consider changing hotels, so I decided to brave it out. I told reception to come and spray the room, they did, but this changed nothing.All in all, something to be very aware of - yes their website makes the place look very attractive - but it is very very misleading. Caveat Emptor	
Jan 8 2007 	Maybe good in India standard but does not meet international standards	Stayed in a super-deluxe AC room- which was brand new so that was good. They have dish TV in the room which is also good. The size of the room was small Was initially showed a standard room and was disgustedThe service at the resturant breakfast was rather laid back The breakfast menu was limiting Kaamat resturant is okay The desk service and butlers etc are quite good The New Delhi city tour that we with Southern did was wonderfulOverall, it may good if you are a local Indian Foreingers and NRI's you will be dissapointed, it does not meet international standards, its better to pay a little more and stay at a better hotel..	
Jan 6 2007 	Overall average (maybe good for New Delhi)	This review should be read with the understanding that while doing research for hotels in India, I was struck by the lack of agreement about the quality of different hotels. It seems there was no consistency in the reviews. I hate to add to the confusion but I can't rave about Hotel Southern like the other reviewers. This was our first trip to India and I imagine that among the other hotels in India, Hotel Southern is probably above average but I was not blown away. The positives of the hotel:1. The rooms (we had two different rooms on two different nights) were clean. Not immaculate but NOT gross.2. The hotel did have air conditioning and heat (we did use the heat in January. Initially, the heat was broke but the staff fixed it in about 90 minutes)3. The hotel was a reasonable value. I was not very impressed by the value of the Hotel Southern but it did provide a clean, okay location (most tourists stay near Conant Place) for a reasonable price. 4. The hotel is near (five minute walking) from the New Delhi metro system (this was an excellent way to avoid the pollution, traffic and inflated taxi prices tourists pay)5. The hotel had a complimentary breakfast (but I had to ask about it before the staff gave me vouchers; they were not given to me with my key at check-in, as most other hotels do) 6. The hotel offers a complimentary pick up from railway stations (and sometimes airports); although we tried to arrange this twice but neither time did any hotel staff pick us up. This was a big disappointment. The negatives of the hotel:1. The only negative that was that I felt the staff often did not go out of their way to help us. Failure to arrange transportation for us twice was a big let down. We asked the staff to call the airport to see if our flight was delayed. The staff member sent me to their travel desk where I was given the number but no one ever called for us. A Hotel with good service just make the call. Finally I had to ask about the complimentary breakfast and I demanded that for their failure to pick us up twice, they should give us a complimentary ride to the airport. Good hotel offers these to their guests; the guests do not have to ask.	
Jan 3 2007 	Great Place great service excellente in Delhi	The Hotel has a great service, very clean and very good locatation. If you are thinking to travel to Delhi this is excellence choice. With a travel agency in the hotel you don't need to move around for prepare your routes in Delhi.	
Nov 13 2006 	Cockroaches and unreliable service	I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights October. When I made my booking, the staff offered to pick me up from the airport and didn’t show. When I called them to ask about arranging a transfer they simply said they had no more cars and hung up in my ear. When we did arrive, the room had cockroaches. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 8 2006	Best Place to Stay	Hotel southern, a luxury hotel in New Delhi provides the homely feelings, while you are away from your homes . We are today a preferred choice to stay among the travelers. A professionally and elegantly furnished luxury hotel in New Delhi India with an aesthetical ambiance, supported by a team of highly experienced professionals.	
Aug 9 2006 	Great Facility of pickup 	Hii am srinivasan from Tamil Nadu.We had reservation at hotel southern ,and informed them through email about our visit to New Delhi.This is my first visit .They made every arrangements to pickup us from railway station that we haven't had any problem .	
Nov 7 2009 	Furchtbares Hotel mit unangenehmen Personal		
