Nov 18 2008 	Clean and worth considering	we booked up at the White House through Colourful Indian holidays as part of a round trip in Northern India. They chose the hotel and we looked it up and it seemed fine. It was very respectable inside. Bedrooms were air conditioned and spacious and bathrooms well equipped. Our room at the front was a wee bit noisy especially as fireworks were going off for Diwali and the stray dogs were barking but very little traffic. the area is not all that selubrious but the restaurant on the roof had quite a good selection so you did not need to venture out in the evening. One hic up we arranged to stay the night on our return and they denied knowlewdge of our booking - left us waiting wondering what was going on then asid it was £7 DEARER THAN QUOTED All seemed a little strange.So good value but I would be cautious if you book in advance - their knowledge of english is not great	
Sep 7 2008 	Clean 	I would rate this hotel as average-good in terms of cleanliness &amp; food.Location is ok, and was good for access to Karol Bagh/Connaught Place during the day but as a lone travelling female did not feel overly safe in the evening, though think this would apply to other hotels in the capital anyway.I too booked a pre-arranged taxi from the airport which did not turn up &amp; had to haggle on my own at 02.00am so would not rely on this selling point.On my first am, going down to reception for a stroll of the local area I was told a taxi had been arranged for me to arrange a tour of the city. Altough annoyed at first that they'd arramegd my own time I went along with it &amp; would actually reccommend this if you have free time as I negotiated a reasonable price for 1.5 day tour of all the main tourist points in Dehli old &amp; new town in an a/c car and although stopped off at a cple of shops over the 2 days found this not to be an uncommon situation when getting transport in India.I would also be aware/take all booking details with you as I was charged slightly more than I booked for.However Overall I would reccommend this hotel as long as you are wary on prices/booking arrangements.	
Mar 29 2008 	Problematic	I used this hotel to overnight between international and national flights.Website said they had Hotel pickup. I had to call to confirm and then they tried to charge me for it.The trip to national airport was double the usual cost.They said they would exchange money at 39rs/dollar..the then current rate. in the morning . I was in a time crunch and believed them. When it came time to exchange money the rate was 37rs/dollar.The rooms had peeling walls and some mold..They were clearly dishonest in their advertising and behavior. I am sure there are worse hotels in New Delhi, but for the price and the conduct of these people I would strongly recommend you go elsewhere. (I paid $70 US)	
Feb 9 2008 	touch above the average	Travelling from UK,we used this hotel(on the fringe of Carole Bagah mkt) twice-at the beginning and end of our india tour for one night on each occasion. The double room was quite generous and , situated to the rear of the building, not overly affected by street noise.However, since the hotel finish was predominately marble, including the floors, we did suffer from some in-house disturbance where the occupants above insisted on dragging the furniture around the floor for some reason with the resulting clangour a mite irritating. All aspects were Clean Clean Clean and this is why, after reading some reviews of what can be had in Delhi, we gave 4/5. Rooftop restaurant was quite enjoyable although slightly restricted menu-wise. The food was fresh though and the service friendly. A hotel that delivered all that we needed and we would use it again because it throws up no horrors and avoids the lottery of selecting an alternative.NB this hotel selected for us by our tour operators-&quot;COLOURFUL INDIAN HOLIDAYS aka PACKAGE TOURS INDIA -if you want the seeming contradiction of a fully superior service with huge savings while touring India, take our unreserved recommendation. Superb throughout.	
Aug 27 2007 	Be careful	Stayed here for a week although went on a tour for 3 days.I had arranged an airport pick up direct with the hotel via email but no-one was there to meet me on arrival at the airport,so had to haggle a price with a taxi to get me to the hotel at 2.00 in the morning.On arrival at the hotel was told that there was a fault with the electricity in my room and would have to stay at another hotel round the corner,which was a hovel-the fridge constantly buzzed and when I thought of pulling the plug to shut it up-on seeing the wires(without plug)fed directly into the socket,I thought better not to.The next morning when I finally checked in to my room,my initial impressions were that it was cleaner and generally in better state of repair than the one the previous night but it left a lot to be desired.Rooms are noisy and hot water is limited.Breakfast is basic but ok.Don't change money in the hotel.You'll get a very poor rate and it is not official, ie no encashment certificate and straight out of the receptionists pocket.Karol Bagh area looks dodgy but is quite safe as long as you take basic precautions.Only really used hotel as a base to sleep as there's not much else to do.Not far to connaught place by taxi/rickshaw.For the money you could find somewhere much better.	
Jul 17 2007 	Okay Stay But Ripped Off	We had 2 stays in this hotel in Feb 2007....2 nights when we first arrived in Delhi and one night on our return from touring Northern India.It was booked for us through a tour group we used to organise a tour of India. Location-wise, it is not bad. Its not far from the shopping district of Karol Bagh. There is an internet cafe/phone booth just down the road. There is a small shop next door to the hotel from where you can buy bottled water and snacks.Our first stay was okay. We found the rooms to be moderately clean. The rooms didn't have any windows and the air conditioner didn't work, thus the room got stuffy. The bathroom was alright, if a bit on the shabby side.Through the night, we heard the incessant beeping that is synonymous with India's roads. There was also endless barking of stray dogs. Ask for a room on the side not facing the road - it will be much quieter. Also ask for one of the end rooms - they have small windows which will help with the stuffiness issue.The food in the &quot;rooftop&quot; restaurant is nothing to write home about. I was a little hesitant eating here as it didn't look very clean. There isn't much lighting there during the night - possible to hide the stains on the tablecloths.For our return stay we had booked 3 rooms for 3 nights (we were 3 couples travelling together). But when we arrived, we were told that one of the rooms had been &quot;cancelled&quot; by us. We ended up sleeping 3 people to a room. The next day, we got our tour group to organise another hotel for us, which was closer to Connaught Place.An okay place to stay if its a short stay and you are on a budget.	
May 13 2007 	Very bad experience	I checked in this hotel with my daughter and wife on 30th April night for 3-days. The 1st thing which was very shoking to us was the condition of the bed. The bed sheets and pillow covers were full of stain and were of lowest quality. On our complain the staff brought the new bed sheets. They were equally bad. Major drawbacks of this hotel what I have noticed are:1. Location is at a market place. Surrounding area is dirty and full of people2. Hotel rooms are stuffy3. Hotel itself is cramped. No space even for taking a stroll leisurely4. Breakfast is not at all worth for money5. Staffs are not friendly. If you are not careful cheating will be the inevitable experience in this hotelMy good advise to any fellow traveler, especially foreighners, to avoid this hotel entirely.	
Nov 10 2006 	Rip off artists	We booked directly with the hotel in September 2006 for a one night stay in October and a three night stay in November. As we were staying four nights, we were offered two free pick ups from the airport. We provided our credit card details as security.When we arrived at the hotel in October, we were asked to pay for the pickup. The bills was different to the agreed rate - the receptionist tried to charge us more - fortunately we had copies of our correspondence with us. We asked for two club rooms and were given standard rooms and charged club prices. We were given very noisy rooms overlooking the street.Despite this, we confirmed our bookings before we left for November as we did not at that date, want to go to the trouble of finding another hotel.The day we were due to check in, we called the hotel to confirm our pickup form the airport. We were told that our reservations had been cancelled as we had not provided confirmation - I don't see how this can be as we confirmed in person and wathced the receptionist write down our requirements in their reservations book. We were left in a lurch as there were virtually no hotel rooms left that night in Delhi due to a medical conference. Do not book with the White House - the reservation policy cannot be relied upon at all and they do not appear to honour their own pricing policy for their rooms.	
Mar 18 2008 	Acceuil pas sympathique !!		
Mar 11 2007 	hotel correct et bien situé		
