	Comfortable Hotel in New Delhi	This is my first time to New Delhi. Before coming to Delhi I was looking several 3 stars hotel through internet and got some places that can give enjoy time during stay in Delhi. Gotcha.. I decided one hotel named Le Roi Hotel and check in the hotel that very clean, and nice service from the front office until the room boy. Although it located in the crowded area but it very closed to the Metro station that can connected to Rajiv Chock..the central of India in the next station. A lot of restaurant and money changer surrounding the hotel, but if you wanna eat in the restaurant of hotel...its also really delicious food that made by the cooker in the hotel and the price was reasonable price. The other one that make me feel at home when the GM and GRO explained me about Delhi... they are very warm and give me opportunity to kept my bagage and browsing free internet until midnight before check out at midnight. Thank you Le Roi Hotel, if someday I am coming to Delhi...absolutely I would like to stay there.	
	Very nice hotel kind stuff	We visited hotel Le Roi with friends in november 2009, we felt very nice and comfortable, stuff were very kind and helpful, we enjoyed our staying very much. I can recommend this hotel to every one who stays in Delhi.	
	Great stay!!!!	We stayed in Le Roi late October 2009 and had a fantastic stay. It is a new hotel. It is very clean and spacious the room does have little greatness (the air con was very quiet) and all in all it is a very good apartment.  As far as the room is concerned, it is luxurious room, if you want a clean place to store your clothes, rest your head, and get ready for a working day or night out, then it does the job more than adequately.  What gives the hotel such great review is the service you receive. I can quite honestly say I have never received such excellent service before. The staff was all extremely friendly and couldn't do enough for us. When we felt a bit poorly one evening they suggested we have some feni (the local spirit) to settle our stomachs. I must admit, I was apprehensive, and as strong as it was, it did the trick! All the staff say hello, everyone makes you feel welcome, and everyone always has a smile on their face. I definitely know people will go back there year after year for sure we will!!!! We went for a relaxing 10 days break and we certainly got it, mostly thanks to the fantastic service we received in Le Roi.	
	Nice and Comfortable Accomodation	I was on a Business Trip earlier this month and got a chance to Stay in Hotel Le Roi.I was very glad with the level of service and Facillities this hotel provides.Besides A one Services this hostel is located in very comfortable location,I would ensure that for my next visit which is Due in January,I will like to again put up in this Hotel.Thanks Guys for Excellent Service	
Nov 25 2009 	One of The Best hotel expierience I have....	After exhausted day of touring colossal city of New Delhi was great experience to find retreat and refreshing in Le Roi Hotel. Atmosphere is so nice. Staff was very friendly and professional. Very clean hotel .I already recommended this place to my friends. Hope to be back next year..	
Nov 22 2009 	ExcellentFriendly- Atmosphere	I was on my business trip to Mauritius and India[ New Delhi ] in November 1st week. My all travel arrangement done by Trip Advisor. It was all good,thanks to Trip Advisor. Because I had a very good experienced at Hotel Le Roi-New Delhi during my stay, it was very comport,very clean &amp; tidy, best room service with respect.  Best regards to all staff at Hotel Le Roi-New Delhi.Gurinderjoingurinder@yahoo.co.uk	
Nov 17 2009 	Vibrancy- Luxury-Unlimited Enjoyment---Hotel Le Roi	This Hotel is situated in a very comfortable location,It is Less than 5 minutes walking Distance from New Delhi Railway Station.Hotel Rooms Speaks of Quality and Elegance.Thus Redefining Luxury and that too at Surprisingly Affordable Price.Le Roi provides the feel of a private Residence yet provides the service and Facillity of Modern Hospital.In Short Hotel Le Roi is dedicated to delighting the senses of every Guest.Promising extravagancy every Day	
Nov 17 2009 	Very good perfect location friendly staff	Le Roi is a brandnew hotel (sept 2009) in the middle of the crowded noisy touristic Paharganj area. It is an oasis! The best hotel in this area. It is quiet, modern, has the best soft beds we have had in India and a perfect warm shower. The rooms are very very good. And it is not too expensive, good value for money! Since it is a new hotel, not everything is perfect yet. The swimmingpool is not ready yet, parts of the hotel are stil under constuction and the staff is sometimes a little bit clumsy. (toiletpaper was removed several times, they forgot to clean the room, the key was blocked every day, breakfast buffet was almost empty). No problem for us, but we hope for future visitors that they improve these things the next months. If they do, this hotel will become very very popular!	
Nov 14 2009 	Great hotel great price great service	Found Hotel Le Roi on TripAdvisor and am very thankful, so I shall share my thoughts and experience.Stopping in for the night, I came in late on an international flight and driving towards the place I instantly started to think I may have made a booking mistake because the Pahar ganj at 3am is a pretty seedy place. However Le Roi stands out like a gem, the facility is very modern and hip, all the amenities a foreign traveler could want and expect. Only problem I faced was a slight connection error from my room to the internet. However the excellent customer friendly staff worked out my internet connectivity issue &amp; has gone above and beyond to help accommodate some of my last minute travel planning. All in all, great price, great hotel &amp; exceptional service.	
Nov 14 2009 	Bad Area and Average Hotel	I came to this hotel on the recommendation of TRIPADVISER but on thecontrary it was not that good, the location is very crowded. The roomservice is poor as they do not listen to us for older of food. It isaverage hotel.	
Nov 6 2009 	good place to go there	I 've been recently to new delhi and i found this new hotel &quot; le roi &quot; it's a very good hotel , with exccelent accomodation , good services and an exquissite cusine. My standards are quit high but i was excited by the services that they offer. The prices are good and also it's located in a nice area So if you stop in New Delhi i highly recomand you to go there .	
Nov 5 2009 	excellent	I had an excellent stay at hotel le roi, it was a clean and nice place, rooms were comfortables and the staff helpfull and nice, everything was very good there. The hotel has a very central location. I really recommend this hotel for any stay, business or holidays.Ps : the pool will be soon finished in this hotel so if you come there you'll have it probably!	
Oct 29 2009 	Newly openned	Newly opened in central Pahar Ganj. Which is right by the central railway station (ask for the imperial cinema and you'll walk past Le Roi) and in the main backbacker area. Until now I'm not aware of any other &quot;decent&quot; hotels around here. Which is a shame as it's the ideal area to stay in central Delhi. The Le Roi will probably be the first of many that follow suit. The area has the everything you need and excellent access to the main attractions in the city. The hotel itself stands out for the others in the area being larger although still relatively small(it would be classed boutique size in the UK) . You enter an impressive marble entrance hall. With its bar to the left and restaurant behind. The staff are excellent and show much eagerness to assist you with any problem. The rooms see no fall in standards from the entrance and are very modern with plenty of marble and dark wood with a slight euro/oriental theme. My room was large had a new flat screen tv (I had to take the wrapper off the remote) ,safe, internet, fridge etc. The bathroom was spacious, clean and modern. Their was next to no noise despite its central location and I had no problem getting a good nights sleep. As its new some of the facilites aren't yet working fully but the management were more happy to advertise this fact before I took a room. Overall an excellent hotel in the ideal location. I'd recommend highly for anyone visiting Delhi.	
