Nov 3 2009 	I thought the Prince Polonia was an excellent hotel for the money	I stayed at the hotel on two ends of a trip to Nepal and India in August to early September. I found the staff to be most accomodating and helpful. Ok, some were obviously looking for tips but were in no way pushy about it. I was surprised at how good the breakfast was and I was even offered to have it delivered to my room. I found the room clean and comfortable and, as a single woman traveler, felt very safe there. I have stayed at various grades of hotels all over Delhi and plan to stay there on my next trip. Its location off the main street meant it wasn't as noisy as some. And I had a room right on the street.	
Sep 29 2009 	Not a Trust Worthy Service Provider	Hi Guys, I am writing this negative review to buzz you in advance to think once to stay at this hotel. I visited their hotel and chosen super deluxe, I went to shop in Paharganj. When i back and saw that my expensive camera was lost. I asked the Manager to call the police but they denied to Call and miss behaved with me that i am putting false allegation. I lost the trust completely.	
Sep 23 2009 	Not a great start to our trip	On arrival in Delhi this really isn't where you want to head. The hotel itself is fairly grotty and basic. It's difficult to find decent budget accommodation in Delhi but I really recommend paying just a bit more and you'll find the quality greatly improves. We mainly chose it for the location near the station and the advertised pool. Both of which turned out to be extremely dirty and horrible. Didn't feel at all safe.We used the travel desk advertised to book our train journey onwards and a driver to take us to Agra for the day. After spending a few weeks in India it was obvious they ripped us off. The car we were taken in was very dirty, much like it's owner. The driver kept stopping the car and disappearing whilst leaving us with the windows down (was none to keen on switching on the a/c) for people to come and harass us with monkeys! They also added about £10 service charge for booking our train tickets for us. Unbelievably sly!!The restaurant on the roof was nothing special whilst the sprite I was served was evidently not sprite, nor anything of a a fizzy nature. We also never got out included breakfast.It really was the worst place we stayed during our trip. For budget accommodation it was not good value for money.	
Apr 20 2009 	Great location rooms and food.	Delhi is a hard place to find good accommodation but Prince Polonia held it's own for us. It is on a quiet street (quiet by India standards) but only seconds from all the hustle and bustle you need. The rooms are clean, large and quiet (worth paying a little extra for the deluxe, try room 401 on the roof top). We didn't use the pool but nice to have the option and the rooftop restaurant was surprisingly good, and a quiet retreat. No beer on sale, but I think they will let you buy it and drink it on the roof. The hotel arranged a pick up from the airport for us at 3am which was a relief.	
Mar 4 2009 	A good choice for central Delhi	The hotel is central and the staff are helpful. We used the onsite travel service to organise a car and driver for a weeks trip to Agra and Jaipur - very good service and excellent drvier. The room we had was OK only but the rooftop restaurant was a bonus. The street was not quiet when we stayed there so I'd pack earplugs just in case! Would I stay here again? Yes, there are many many places that are a lot worse!	
Jan 4 2009 	Good location great rooftop restaurant	We chose Hotel Prince Polonia for its close proximity to the New Delhi train station, its affordable rates and the good reviews it got from Lonely Planet authors and other travellers. The reviews were the decisive factor because the other hotels we were considering had multiple comments about travellers getting ripped off while checking out. We're happy to say that we did not have such problems at Hotel Prince Polonia. The only thing that bothered us was that they never returned our passports to our room as promised after obtaining the necessary information for their records.Rooms were simple and comfortable, which was great because we just wanted a quiet place to sleep without having to pay for all the frills of other western style hotels. We found that inside rooms were much more quiet than those facing the street. This was significant since the main road and market are just down the road and are busiest from 5pm to 9pm. Unfortunately, the lack of windows in the inside rooms deprives you from enjoying sunrise and sunsets.The two most useful features of the hotel for us were free internet access and the rooftop hotel. The rooftop hotel had Indian and continental dining options, good prices and courteous service. We always ate the Indian fare (which seemed to surprise our server at first and then just made him really happy to serve us), and it was in retrospect probably the best meals we had during our trip.One thing we did not like was that the guy at the front desk was not particularly pleasant. He seemed to respond reluctantly to our questions, but at least he was never rude.The taxi service was very convenient and the drivers themselves always friendly.	
Oct 9 2008 	Mixed Bag	Having stayed at the Prince Polonia on three seperate occasions in the last two years and in three seperate rooms I feel uniquely qualified to comment on the place.The first time we stayed there around 18 months ago we had a good stay. The rooms were clean, the location central, the majority of the staff helpful and the food palatable.Around a month ago we stayed and had a similar experience, although it has to be said that the manager (the son of the owner I believe) is a miserable git to the extreme and has a habit of speaking to his staff as though they are scum.At the end of our trip (about a week ago) we stayed again.We had seperate rooms this time because my partner wouldnt stop coughing. This time her room was terrible. It was very dirty and she found a cockroach running about. What's more there was large rodent poo in the bathroom sink and on the bathroom floor. When I phoned reception they sent someone up who cleared it up and then claimed that the rat wouldn't be back...hmm. I insisted that she get another room and after some grumbling and shouting from the boss to his staff she made the switch. My room by contrast was very nice and only about $8US more, had a big clean bathroom and good aircon and no rat poo or roaches.In conclusion, if you're going to stay here make sure you spend a little more and get a better room. Ignore the miserable manager who'll do his best to spoil your stay and instead talk to the nice older man (his father and owner?) and the younger guy in the travel agency in reception who are friendly and helpful and booked us train tickets over the phone from the UK.Oh, and don't guarantee that the pool will have water in it, it seems to change on a daily basis.PPS visit the little family run shop over the road the kids are the greatest salesmen and you'll walk away with stuff you didn't even know you wanted....	
Jun 19 2008 	Clean on a quiet street	I made the reservation by email and called to confirm before I traveled. The staff was helpful, they let us check in early since the room was ready. It was a little pricy compared to the rest of the hotels in the area, but it was clean and on a relatively quiet street. It was great for our first two nights in India.	
Jun 2 2008 	Don't believe the others. They Lied Twice	I have traveled throughout India extensively and am use to the horrible hotel situation in Delhi. Upon seeing this hotel ranked so high on trip advisor I thought I'd give it a try. I booked two nights over a month apart. The first night on April 27, 2008 I arrived and they did not have the room I requested, even though I booked it a week in advance and had an e-mail confirmation I asked to see several other rooms but ended up having to take a lower grade room. Then they tried to charge me the more expensive rate. This first night the room was ok. Not the cleanest but for Delhi standards okay. The main problem came on my second night, June 1, 2008. This time it was me, my wife and three kids and my sister in law. We booked a triple room two weeks in advance. According to their website the room was supposed to have a balcony, bathtub, 1 king bed and 2 twin beds. When we arrived I ask to see the room first. They took me to a small room with only two beds and no bathtub. Needless to say I argued with the manager for almost an hours while by wife and three small kids all were just waiting in the lobby.. They eventually gave us a room with three bed and a balcony but still no bathtub. In all the 10 rooms they showed me there were not any with bathtubs. I don't think they have any. The room itself was not clean. Broken wall fixtures. Dirty bathrooms. There was even still trash in the bathroom from the previous occupant.. Piles of dirt and dust behind and under the bed didn't make me feel safe to let my young kids play and the gritty floor. We had booked three nights but decided to change hotels. The manager and staff were very rude to me and refused to come with me to look at their website that stated what I should have had. I even presented my e-mail communications with the manager stating what I had booked. Basically don't trust the hotel manager he lied to me several times. We switched to the Grand Godwin and so far it is great. I would not recommend this hotel and will never stay their again.	
May 28 2008 	A good introduction to india	This place was clean and the staff were helpful. Rooms are basic biut comfy with a tv and air con.we had organised a pick up from the airport after arriving in Delhi quite late, the staff on reception were great, getting us fresh water and food on arrival.we got locked out of the bathroom on the first morning, but they quickly got a handy chap in to fix that.The rooftop Restaurant is lovely, breakfast is included in the price and there is a choice of indian or continental. The hotel is located near to the main bazaar and the train station, you can get a rickshaw to connaught place - beware though they will take you to emporiums unless you give them an exact location.the travel person attached to the hotel was really helpful and arranged a trip to agra for us very quickly. free internet access is also a plus in this place.	
Apr 2 2008 	Good one in a convenient area	Had a super deluxe room, which was comfortable and quiet enough for a good sleep and it's pretty spacious. The staff were mostly helpful, except for one missing wake-up call, so as the attached travel agent. Could help book train ticket, which is much appreciated since it managed to get me one from Agra back to Delhi even the booking site I checked said it's full.A minor complaint is that the porter is constantly looking for 'help' so as to get tips.	
Jan 25 2008 	Good value in Parharganj	Delhi hotels are generally pretty expensive and Parharganj is about the cheapest area to stay in - it's also very handy for New Delhi railway station when you want to move on. My wife and I stayed here in December 2007 and paid 1390rps (about 35 USD) for a double AC room with shower room and balcony overlooking street. Breakfast included. They provided airport pickup for 500rps.Good clean room, friendly helpful staff, good rooftop restaurant. There are much cheaper plays to stay in Parharganj - but you'd have to be on a very tight budget or desperate to want to stay in some of them.	
Nov 15 2008 	A ne pas recommander!!!		
