Oct 31 2009 	Bad Area	Not that great location &amp; hotel, just hyped room without window and noisy as on the street.	
Oct 9 2009 	Good hotel great location but very small rooms	We stayed at the Florence inn for 2 nights. One of the USP of the hotel is, its situated bang on Karol Baug a very busy shopping street. The room that we had was a 'Deluxe room' which according to the front desk is the 'Standard room' of the hotel. On getting inside the room what struck me was it was the smallest hotel room, I had ever visited. It was square room with the bed in the middle and only 1 person could walk at a time in the room. Also the room had no windows, which I felt was rather strange. The food at the restaurant was good but the restaurant staff were not so polite in their manners.	
Sep 27 2009 	Exceeded our expectations	We booked our stay after reading the reviews in tripadvisor.com.The Hotel has a wonderful website which enabled us to book online on their online booking system and we got cheaper rates, we wanted to make sure that we get a confirmed reservation to avoid last minute surprises. Communicated by email regarding the Airport pickup before my arrival and all emails were replied to and the best part was I got the Hotel booking confirmation within 05 minutes of my booking with the online system. Driver met me at the airport as promised.This being our first trip to India. We were rather apprehensive about staying in a non 5 hotel, 10 min outside the centre of Delhi. However we took the risk and we were glad of doing so. Florence Inn was great, excellent value for money. The rooms were clean, the beds very comfortable, the service was courteous and friendly. The food at the lobby level restaurant was superb in fact it rates amongst the best meals we had on the whole trip. Florence Inn is close to the Metro which is safe and easy to use. We did do a bit of local shopping.Staff were super friendly, spoke good English, and room/bathroom were spacious and clean. Wi Fi internet was available on each floor. Over all the FLORENCE INN was a great experience and I would definitely recommend this hotel, to families as well as to single travelers or couples.	
Sep 25 2009 	Highly Recommended !!!	Quiet location in the middle of everything in Delhi. Great staff and excellent management .We were a group of 23 people from different parts of world, came to attend a workshop in Delhi. We were quite lucky to find Florence Inn. Full credit goes to our ground staff from dehradun and Mr. Jaydeep the GM of the property for making our event a memorable one. Service, meals, cleanliness, and quality of rooms were impressive. The Conference rooms are spacious and well suited for a get together or a conference.It is a very professionally managed hotel, staff very friendly and helpful. Restaurant is open round the clock, buffet breakfast is good and safe. The hotel is close to all basic necessities and the metro rail station, which is a great boon getting around Delhi.	
Aug 12 2009 	Satisfactory place	I recently styaed at the Florence Inn for a total of 4 nights. On the whole I do not have any serious complaints or concerns about the place. By mistake i'd booked into Florence Hotel rather than Florence Inn. Judging by other reviews on this sight Florence Hotel does not appear to have as many favourable reviews as Florence Inn. However after a few emails they quickly changed the reservation at no expense or fuss.The hotel itself is conveniently located on a side street with the metro stop only a couple minutes walk away. There a a couple of decent restaurants just off the main drag (Punjab Corner and Suruchi which serves 3 types of regional thalis - Gujurati, Punjabi or Rajasthani). It felt safe around the areas.We were upgraded to a Premium Room at no extra cost for no apparent reason and the room was more than adequate in terms of size and cleanliness. The buffet breakfast was a choice of either spicy Indian or bland western fare which was nothing to write home about but served its purpose.My only gripe about the place is the extorinate prices they charge for their taxi service. For example for the taxi ride to the station they charged us 250rs. The journey back from the station we used the pre paid taxi which cost us 50rs. Luckily we used the pre paid service from the airport which came to 350rs as opposed to the 900rs or so they were charging.Overall all though the experience was pleasant enough and would probably recommend this place. Rooms are clean and a decent size but the atmosphere somewhat sterile.	
Jun 16 2009 	Very Decent	The hotel was good overall, the rooms were very clean, I liked the fact that they had TV in English and in French, I was jetlagged so I watched a lot of TV.The Food was decent, I'm glad the breakfast was included, it made it easier for me.The only little glitch is the pick up from the airport; they didnt' tell me that the driver wil be waiting for me outside so I waited inside and I couldn't see anyone holding a banner with my name, and after I waited for a little while I ended buying a pre-paid taxi for a 250 rupees ( the hotel had charged me 900 Rs). and once I left the airport I saw the driver outside, so I got stuck with the pre-paid taxi ticket which the hotel didn't want to reduce it from the 900 Rs. ( I ended up using it 3 weeks later when I came back to Delhi for a day).	
Jun 13 2009 	If you want to be exploited stay here.	Positives:-Clean rooms and generally good standard overall for the hotel. Air Con works.Negatives:-Not 24hr hot waterFood is bland at bestManagement will try and exploite and extort money at every opportunity.We were charged over 1000 rupees just for a taxi from the airport to the hotel. We confirmed with the pre-paid taxi rank that this should cost no more than 350 rupees. When arguing with the manager about this, he had a stack of excuses longer than my arm ready for the offing. There after, service was offered at an absolute bare minimum to meet their standards. We booked tourist advice separately from the hotel, and was interogated on a daily basis what we were doing, who with, and how much it cost. Regardless of what we would say they could always do things faster/better/cheaper.Breakfast was bland and spicy - too hot even for my tastebuds, let alone my wifes. Whilst the hotel is located on a quiet side-road, the area itself is very busy, and even by Delhi standards not a particularly safe area for tourists after dark.	
Jun 8 2009 	Loved the Hotel	The best place to stay if you are in Delhi. Its not too expensive and the service is the best. You would really be very comfortable once you get in eventhough you are a foreign tourist. One more thing that I liked is that there is a restaurant inside the hotel and so you need not find out a place to eat or order into your room. you can collect as many as your friends and take them to this restaurant in this hotel and enjoy. The food is really hygenic. Try it out.	
May 10 2009 	Peaceful haven	Peaceful and quiet position after the hustle of Delhi's streets. Welcoming staff and tidy, small but clean room.	
May 4 2009	Great Value and great service	I stayed at the hotel at the beginning of April having pre-booked over the phone. The hotel is great value (I paid the equivalemt of approx £42) and is certainly a ruby amongst the dust of places in Delhi within this price range - see the reviews of a lot of other hotels within this range in Delhi and you'll see what I mean. The location is very handy, just meters from Ajmal Khan Road in Karol Bargh. It's especially useful if you're going there to do lots of shopping as the shops are literally on the doorstep but without being so close to be effected by noise. The metro station is also very close and just two stops from Connuaght Place (Rajiv Chowk).My parents went a week ahead of me and were very well looked after. My room had everything a good standard room should have including ac and fan, satellite TV, minibar. Good bathroom with the usual bathtub and shower combination. The management and team are extremely helpful and deal with any issues or problems very quickly. The food is good and room service is also available 24 hours. All areas and rooms are very clean as well as very well decorated and they seem to be constantly keeping an eye on this. It seems to have been recently modernised and very popular for large business meetings - this I guess helps to ensure the standard is kept high. They also have an PC for internet access in the reception as well as WIFI throughout the hotel but it's worth checking this is working before going if it's an important feature for you.I would definitely reccommend this hotel to anyone and I will be going back on my next trip.	
Apr 19 2009 	Fantastic value for money	The Hotel Florence Inn was our first hotel that we stayed in during our trip around the Golden Triangle. As we were travelling in the budget range ,our expectations were not very high so we were more than delighted to find that the Florence Inn provided us with sparkling clean rooms and excellent service. The rooms had their own combination safe, cable TV and cheap, well stocked minibar. The in-house restaurant and room service meals were excellent value for money (about $4 Australia an for a big multi-serve vegetarian meal). The front desk staff were very helpful and polite.	
Apr 17 2009	loved the castle	We have just returned from a week at the florence inn. The hotel is magnificent and we have never experienced such incredible service before. It was so lovely that it was hard to drag ourselves away from the hotel. It was so hot and busy there. All the staff's were friendly and helpfull. initially I Tried to book with the hotel directly, but I found reservation manager was beat harsh and was not willing to give us a good rate. later on I booked through one of my family friend. As soon as we reached hotel I saw a lovely person standing with smiling face,(sudenhdu). He made my stay very happy by giving me a nice room. I found some thing very bad i.e Mr. Ashish loby manager was not at all good enough. He called us so many times in our room extn. asking about further trips to india. he was trying to organise our trips to india, where as I never asked him about. I met another manager Avtar in the front desk who was very sweet and nice person.I will definetely recomend this hotel for guest coming to Dellhi.	
Mar 21 2009 	Clean Hotel Busy Surroundings	Since this was our first visit to India, we were really were not prepared for the culture shock. We were glad to be picked up by the hotel (however, at a ridiculously high price of Rs1000 which they later charged us). However, we did manage to escape all the sharks (scary looking taxi &amp; autodrivers, tour operators) waiting outside the airport ready to pounce on us. When we got to the hotel, we were greeted by two men at the reception: both not all that pleasant. We checked in and the room was actually quite nice. Had a nice ambience, yet felt a bit detached. The bathroom was nice, everything worked. Best thing was the SONY flat screen TV! We didn't want to go out of the room since we were still nauseous by the Delhi traffic and the poverty we saw outside, but then decided to get changed and went down to eat at the Hotel restaurant. The restaurant was an extremely tight 3.5m x 3.5m closed space. We were two women alone in the restaurant with four men (waiters) and I have never felt so uncomfortable and insecure in my life. We were constantly stared at. We got the food to be takeaway and locked ourselves in our rooms and stayed there the whole night. The next morning we were relieved to see another tourist in the restaurant and more so thereafter.Overall, the stay here was quite pleasant. The surrounding area was busy, a bit dirty, but the staff was pretty helpful. There's only one computer for Internet access which is at the reception. For downloading pics from our cameras, we went to the office and were pleasantly surprised to see the owner, Mr. Jaydeep Bhat there. He was most helpful and kind. Even got us tea while we transferred photos and patiently sat there with us, and talked for almost an hour!I would recommend this hotel for Delhi if you're looking for clean rooms at a good price.Due to complete lack of female staff, it can be a bit intimidating being surrounded by staring men. One tip: Always carry a business card of the hotel. It has a map of where the hotel is located. Most autowallahs don't know where it is and you will need to direct them here. You can obtain the card from the reception desk.	
Jan 18 2009 	Comfortable and exceeding expectations	The Florence is a nice little hotel tucked away in Karol Bagh, and miles better than we had expected or hoped for, for the very reasonable price of INR 3000-3500 (the lower price is for standard; higher price for deluxe; we stayed in both over 2 nights).The location is very convenient for the metro - a 5 minute walk down a busy shopping street brings you to the hustle and bustle of the road where the metro station is, and then it's only 3 stops to Rajiv Chowk aka Connaught Place. There's an internet terminal in the lobby and wi-fi throughout the hotel, both at a charge of 30 rupees for 30 minutes.We expected very little from this hotel, and were pleasantly surprised. The rooms were clean, relatively well maintained (not shabby) and quiet. The main difference we could see between the standard room where we stayed the first night, and the deluxe room, was the slightly bigger size - but the size of the standard was fine. Our friends also stayed in a standard room and it seems some come with a wet room (fairly standard in India) while others with a bathroom (i.e. with a tub). All clean and comfy though and well equipped.We had dinner in the hotel on the first night and the food was fine, surprisingly not that greasy, and reasonably priced. Although they don't advertise it on the menu, beer is available (and because it wasn't printed anywhere, we even negotiated the price down!). Breakfast was simple and nice. Staff were polite and helpful.Would definitely recommend this hotel - it makes all the difference in a place like Delhi to have a quiet, safe place to come home to,	
Jan 10 2009 	Nice hotel	We stayed here twice during our trip around the Golden Traingle. The hotel was organised as part of our tour. Our first time we got a very standard room but the second time, it was a much nicer room. The hotel is clean and the staff are attentive. The minute you step out of your room when checking out there is someone to help you with your bags. A little hectic in the morning with everyone checking out at the same time. Breakfeast was not as good as the other hotels I stayed in India. The metro is close by but we did not use it.	
Dec 31 2008 	Loved the Florence!	Loved our almost month long stay in Delhi at the Florence. Actually it became our home away from home. Stayed with my inlaws and my 3 year old son. The staff was absolutely phenomenal! They were so attentive to my son's needs and to our own - they gave my son balloons as he had commented on a guest's balloons. They even 'rescued' him from an elevator incident! Room service was quick, efficient; food was excellent. Truly appreciated our clean amazing room along with it's completely western style bathroom.Make sure if you can that you hire a driver for your stay, it will make your visit pleasurable and non-stressed as no one should drive the city streets of Delhi. And besides at around $2.00 a day, it's definately worth it! So don't worry how far everything is in Delhi, it's all relative. Actually I found that the hotel was very conveniently located - Karol Bagh which is excellent street shopping, and about 10 minutes away from Connaught Place.Thank you so very much to the staff there - again, they were exceptional! As a very well traveled Canadian, I will definately be staying there again and highly recommend this hotel.	
Dec 9 2008 	GREAT PLACE --- clean/quality space friendly + trustworthy staff good price	I spent 7 months in India -- lived in Delhi and Bangalore for extended periods, and traveled throughout the country (i was a study abroad student, then did some volunteering). As a 21 year old female, safety and cleanliness were my top priority when I found myself booking hotels when I was alone. It is about time that I give this hotel a great review. Nothing comes cheap in Delhi, especially when it comes to finding a place to stay. I knew i wanted something safe, and clean -- and so I decided to avoid any accommodation in the Paharganj area (near railway station). Although the Florence Inn is not the most convenient place if you are hoping to explore South Delhi, it is not too far away from CP and Old Delhi, and isn't too bad in general if you are accustomed to a commute (or Delhi traffic). And compared to other nice places, it is a great deal! You won't find such quality for this price anywhere else in Delhi! (when you are traveling in other places in India outside big cities like Delhi or Mumbai, you will be able to find cheaper places). I stayed in this hotel a few times, both alone and with friends. Each time, I stayed in their cheapest room. The cheapest rooms, however, still felt like luxury. The basics -- Clean sheets, towels, soaps, etc. And also, marble bathrooms, plentiful counter space in the bathroom, TV with HBO + news channels, hot shower with good pressure. It is definitely a place that meets Western standards. The service and staff were great -- They are willing to help and answer questions and are very attentive. The staff carried my suitcases for me into my room ( i never felt uncomfortable around them). The staff at the front desk who speak very good English let me use the internet for free in the lobby and print things out (for a small price) on their office printer. Further, after i checked out, but wanted to do errands and go out, I was able to leave luggage safely in the lobby. They even let me leave some luggage for a couple of weeks in a storage room -- it was all there when i got back, in perfect condition. There is free breakfast every morning -- which has options for everyone. And the restaurant also serves lunch and dinner. They also have room service if you want to eat in the privacy of your room or get a quick snack (they have great iced coffee and parathas). Also, they have a reliable, quick laundry service. When my friends visited me and they arrived in India for the first time, I took them here. They appreciated the quality of the hotel. I highly recommend this hotel! To book - just call the front desk! Find number on their website. The place can be tricky to find -- The hotel can arrange to pick you up and take you right to the hotel. It is extremely close to the Karol Bagh Metro station and this is where you should be dropped off once you have figured out how to walk from station to the hotel. Also, to be safe, carry a hotel business card with you so you have their number on hand -- they can give directions to your driver, if necessary.	
Oct 22 2008	Average hotel	The hotel accommodation was ok... decent enough for 2 people... but we're got worried about the noise, cause the rooms are not so noise proofed... we can hear people from the other room showering and their baby crying... my girlfriend jess was not able to sleep at all... breakfast was ok though... and we love the location... it's in the affordable shopping district...	
Oct 19 2008	Lovely quiet and clean hotel	We arrived late at night, 2 tired mums with three tired teen daughters, and were so relieved to find ourselves in this quiet little oasis. the rooms were spacious and spotless, the breakfast was delicious, the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. we would highly recommend this hotel for other travellers.	
Oct 7 2008 	Great Hotel	There were 6 of us at this hotel including two under 3's.We have stayed in Delhi previoulsy and therefore were aware of the Karol Bagh area. It can seem scary at night but the actual location of the hotel is safe and convenient - right next to the metro.The staff are all great, helpful but the hotels greatest asset is the cleaners - it is so clean which as a mother I was so thankful for as it saved any upset stomachs with the kids.My children had braekfast and dinner at the hotels and I have no complaints. Restaurant is small but pleasant.There is internet access and the water is never cold!	
May 26 2008 	Exceeded expectations	In looking for hotels in Delhi, an affordable hotel without scary reviews is hard to find. The Florence Inn was clean and affordable and ideal. I highly recommend this hotel. The staff was overall very helpful and nice. We changed our travel plans after we arrived to see Agra and Jaipur. They happily changed our days for free.If this is your first time in India, as one of the other reviews pointed out, the neighborhood at night appears quite scary. We arrived late at night. However, once you see the area in the day, you will realize it is not that bad (and right beside a fun market, especially on Monday). I never felt threatened in this area. If I ever return to Delhi, I plan on booking a room at the Florence Inn.	
Apr 21 2008 	Not a great hotel	We arrived in Delhi at around 3am and after an arduous journey trying to find the hotel (the taxi driver didn't know it at all) we arrived at the Hotel Florence. We were not allowed to check in, but were despatched immediately to the sister hotel the Florence Inn, being told there was no room left at this hotel. Language barrier prevented us from complaining so we went along to the Florence Inn.The rooms aren't unclean but just wasn't very comfortable. We had a single sheet and a single blanket on a double bed, and the towels felt old. The staff were not very friendly or accommodating but did help us when asked. The breakfast was limited (we had toast) and the tablecloths were dirty. I didn't feel I could trust anything else to eat.I suppose all, in, for a budget hotel in this part of town, it was okay, but I would make sure next time that I was somewhere more central and a bit higher class - you have to remember that 4* in many parts of India are not the same as 4* in the UK.	
Feb 2 2008 	Clean and Comfortable	The Florence inn was a transit hotel for us. We missed our flight and didn't anticipate spending 3 nights there. It was clean and comfortable. The water was always hot. We stayed in twin rooms the service was prompt even when we locked ourselves out at 3am. Rooms are probably a little small but worth the money and there is free internet in the lobby. The view isn't too exciting but it's not very central to Dehli. There were markets close to the hotel and lots of good eateries. The small restaurant did both indian and western breakfast and was really convenient for quick snacks in the day but also had full lunch and dinner available. A good clean and comfortable stay. Probably a 3 star experience.	
Dec 1 2007 	Good clean but v little natural light	There are two sister hotels, Florence inn and Hotel florence, both in Karol Bagh and apparently more or less the same. We stayed in Hotel Florence, which was very clean and a good hotel for our first few nights in Delhi. Room service and the restaurant were good and reasonably priced. Staff were friendly enough and we got a complimentary breakfast for booking through Desiya.com.Karol Bagh was an OK area, lots of sari shops and clothes nearby but little else. Also very little in the way of restaurants. Its closish to the metro though, which is definately the quickest, cheapest and most pleasant way of getting into the centre of town (Rs 8 each way plus a Rs10 rickshaw ride to from hotel to station).The only issue I had with the room was that the window faced into a shaft through which we got very little natural light, which made getting up difficult.Price was about Rs 2000 per night (or a little over that). Would reccommend for garunteed cleanliness.	
Nov 20 2007 	Decent + close to the subway	Not being able to afford the five-stars, Delhi seemed a really hard place to find good value accommodation. After reading a couple of good reviews, we went with the Florence Inn and, all-in-all, were satisfied with that.Still, one would think that a “deluxe room” would come with at least one window, which it didn’t, and the neighbourhood (Karol Bagh) is not especially trendy. However, we felt entirely safe in the surroundings, and the nearby shopping street is good for clothes and lots more.One main advantage with Florence Inn is its proximity to a station of the newly built and well functioning Delhi metro – it’s clean, cheap, rather comfortable and very practical (although not covering south Delhi).One complaint: upon departure we booked and paid (quite a lot) for an airport taxi ride. That taxi showed up more than 20 minutes late and turned out to be some junky private car with the managers buddy behind the wheel! He got us to the airport all right, but such a pathetic mini-rip-off meant we left Florence Inn with a bit of a bad aftertaste.	
Oct 18 2007 	Liked the hotel a lot - good value for money	The rooms are small but very clean and the ambience is good. Its a good value for money. I lived in delux room. The staff are very cooperative. The maintainence is good. The toilets are clean. The food is also tasty and hygenic.	
Oct 10 2007 	Not a great start to India	I booked this hotel as it seemed to have good reviews on Tripadviser. Although it wasnt too bad, the rooms were comfortable and clean, we just didnt like the feel of the hotel.Everyone just seemed to hover around you, musty smells everywhere, Bad aircon, breakfast was interesting and in a room no larger than a standard bathroom. Location was safe, just typical India really. Very interesting area to walk around but probably not at nightDelhi isnt cheap, but I would reccomend spending more for your hotels here.	
Oct 3 2007	Good hotel but scary location	We stayed here in September 2007 as part of a trekking expedition. we stayed here a few nights at the start and end of the trip. It's a good basic hotel with friendly staff. Rooms are comfy and adequate. The only bugbear was noisy aircon.Beware the beggars and the market outside the hotel. It's not dangerous but it's intimidating. It gave us a flavour of what street life is like in delhi.Recommend the Crossroads bar around the corner with good food, drink and ambience. It seems to be a magnet for ex pats and tourists. We watched India win the 20/20 cricket here and the atmosphere was electric.Overall no complaints. good straightforward accomodation.	
Sep 26 2007 	Stay away	I booked a room through a travel agent for 2 nights for three of us. I was told we would either receive one double bed and one twin bed, or 3 twin beds. What we got was 2 twin beds and a mattress on the floor wedged in between the other 2 beds and dresser. The room was very run down and tiny. We had to climbed over each others beds to get to the bathroom. The air conditioning unit dripped all night long on one of the beds and it was musty and dirty. I've stayed in many low budget rooms in India before and this was the worst. The pictures I saw on the hotel website were not what our room looked like at all. And not that it mattered to us, but our room was on the 4th floor and the elevator only goes to the 3rd floor, so if walking upstairs is difficult, keep that in mind.	
Sep 23 2007	A pleasant suprise	We stayed at Florence Inn for 2 nights in Sept 07 and were impressed by the nicely renovated character building. Although no view to speak of, the rooms were well-appointed compared to other indian hotels we tried. A/c, shower, TV, fridge all worked! Market and metro are nearby, however it is at the end of a lane so I wouldn't want to return alone after dark	
Sep 3 2007 	Good value hotel	We read about this hotel at India Mike and we tried it for 1 night at the end of our travel and we were very happy with the choice. The hotel is very clean and comfortable and the service is correct. Also the neighbourhood is much more exciting than Pahar Ganj. We have been in many hotels during our India travel and this one was one of the best. The price/quality relation is better than other Delhi hotels and I can't understand why travel guides don't recommend Karol Bagh, i.e. the neighboorhood where Florence Inn is situated. There are a lot of shops and restaurants, few tourists and a good atmosphere at night.	
May 29 2007 	Cheap and Clean--Unusual for Delhi		
Apr 17 2007	Good Value in Delhi		
Feb 25 2007 	well worth the money		
Jan 18 2007 	location crowded not scary		
Jan 13 2007 	Nice hotel scary location		
Jan 4 2007 	Great hotel for Delhi		
Dec 8 2006 	Good value for money		
Nov 4 2009 	Schönes Hotel		
Oct 28 2009 	super Eindruck insgesamt		
Oct 16 2009 	No fiable		
Aug 26 2008 	Bon rapport qualité/prix pour Dehli		
Aug 30 2007 	Non male		
