Feb 22 2009 	ok if you just need a place to sleep	rooms were clean.not a great area of town (far from the center).rooms are clean and beds are ok.breakfast is a disgrace and service rivals that.acceptable if you just need a clean place to sleep.	
Nov 11 2008 	average decent place	I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights. The rooms were clean. The ac was not working properly. when I told the management, they sorted that out quickly.The area karol baugh where this is situated..was noisy...and crowded.However there was a shopping area close to the hotel.There is a good eating place called Raffles.If someone is looking for a decent place but without spending too much I think this is good value for money.	
May 29 2008 	Not too bad. Good location for Metro	Stayed here as it was a better location than some of the others. I have to agree it was noisy but this was due to other guests and not traffic. We had a room at the back on the 4th floor 405. Its perfectly acceptable but we did find our room unlocked on return so make sure you lock away your valuables or use the lockers in the managers office. If you leave the hotel and turn left at the front walk up the slight hill to the main road turn left and then right in 10 to 15 mins your at the Metro station Rajendra Place. The hotel business card has a small map on the back so its easy to find. Its a normal hassled walk but getting to connaught place is easy until late. The last train times are posted on the ticket booths. If you fancy coming back via tuk tuk use the pre pay booth in connaught place.Overall due to its locality to the Metro and the ease of getting to and from the city I'm recommending this hotel. The rooms were OK and clean. The shower was good and the bathroom was acceptable. AC worked. What more could i ask for. Price was 4452 rup around £53 for 2 nights. Sorry but no photos, i forgot.	
Mar 25 2007 	Clean rooms horrible staff no windows noisy	The hotel seemed really ok at first glance, the room was clean, but ...The receptionist holds me back, saying &quot;my travel agent&quot; would be here in 2 minutes and wanted to see me about my stay in the hotel. Well, I had no travel agent, I booked the hotel through Internet.So the guy who shows up, tells me that he would be the final agent in the chain of companies through which my booking went. And of course tries to propose me excursions, additionnal services, etc... SCAM! After a few minutes he felt my mood about his presence and excused himself.I ask for a taxi at the reception, not sure if it was safe to hail one in the street at night. Of course, no problem. Well it was only three times the normal price (which I would not care so much as it was a proper, comfortable car), but it was not a taxi at all, just any private car (maybe the hotel's car that they rent out?). Guess doing taxi services without taxi license is also in India not exacly legal ...Back in my room I realise that the window is actually not a window but a window into a kind of ventilation shaft. The fan that would blow the air into that shaft (so no fresh air nto the room...) was so horribly loud that there was no way to leave it on at night.As an advantage from the airshaft you hear your neighbours as if they were in your room!Why some furniture had to be moved between midnight and 4 in the morning was a question the reception seemed unable to answer.	
Mar 9 2007	Stay If You Want To Be Ripped Off!!!	I stayed at this hotel in March 2007. I was quoted a price for an executive suite as they said this was all they had available. It was downstairs. At first I thought it was ok as seemed clean but the noise was awful as it was on the ground floor. The only thing was the noise was from the staff playing loud music and shouting to each other all night even when I asked them to be quiet. We asked if we could move rooms and they said we could move to a room upstairs but it would be more money - which I could not understand as they were smaller rooms. When we asked if we could move later to a cheaper room they said they were fully booked. I called the hotel later that day by phone and asked if they had rooms and how much they were - they quoted me 1500 rupees less than the price I paid and said they were available. When I went back to the hotel they tried to charge me more and on checking out were shouting abuse and all sorts. I would never stay at this hotel ever again and advise anyone NOT TO STAY HERE. We are Non resident Indians and they were looking to rip us off so I can only imagine what they do to tourists!!!!	
Jan 21 2007	Great place	I stayed here several times while having to transit through Delhi and found it to be pretty good with minimal problems. The food was great, the service was prompt and the rooms were good. It's not for people desiring five star or even a good four star experience but it is a great choice for those looking for a nice three star place. The only downside is the neighborhood, Karol Bagh is quite chaotic and noisy....but then again all of Delhi is that way!!!!	
Jan 8 2007	Not sure this is the same as Sunstar Grand	I have been at Sunstar Grand. To comment on the previous review, I am not sure that Sunstar Grand and Residency are the same hotel. Looking at Sunstar Grand's website, it seems that Grand and Residency are two different hotels. They must be under the same ownership and close to each other, that's why it gets a bit confusing.I will post my review under Sunstar Grand.	
Apr 18 2006	great value for the money	Also known as the &quot;Hotel Sunstar Grand&quot;. Marble floors and staircase. Nice older style with good furnishings and bed for this medium price range. Clean but worn linens, good service. Plenty of water pressure. Great rooftop terrace for breakfast if you get up early (only one shady table for the latecomers) thankfully breakfast is also cheerfully delivered to your room.[--]We paid US$50/night large double with AC. Have a local friend call and reserve the room in Hindi - you'll pay less ;)	
Mar 20 2006	Very good value for money	This place is a good surprise, especially if you have tried the terrible Ajanta hotel before!! Our room was large, clean, confortable, the bathroom huge with an amazing bathtub... The food was also excellent and service above average. I am going back there in few days and definitely recommend it !	
Dec 30 2005	Horrible Place	We stayed in Hotel Sunstar for 2 days in December and the experience was horrible. The room looked like a dungeom. Being in the busy Karol Bagh area, there is constant noice all night and several bugs allover the room. We were changed to a different room but it was only slightly better. Having paid an exhorbitant amont of money for COX and KINGS travel agency for out Delhi-Agra-Jaipur trip, we felt cheated. On requesting a different hotel, they told us to pay by ourselves, which we agreed. The travel agent called back witha hotel for 300$ saying thats the only hotel available in Delhi as it was a busy season. We checked on the Internet and got a great deal at the Grand for 125$ and there were tons of other hotels available.COX and Kings is an unreliable travel agent set to cheat unsuspecting foreigners (as we saw many Japanese staying in Hotel Sunstar).DONOT STAY THERE. DO YOUR RESEARCH. LOOK FOR DEALS. and dont become a walking ATM machine!	
