Nov 20 2009 	Right Place to stay	First hotel of twelve we stayed in on our trip to India. Set back from a busy road in its own grounds, it was a very nice place to stay for a couple of nights. We were upgraded to a suite which was clean, comfortable, with a beautiful bathroom. One of the best beds we slept in all holiday with great pillows. There are 2 restaurants, both of which served good food. If you don't like your curry too spicy the chef will happily tone it down for you. Good buffet breakfast.	
Nov 12 2009 	thre are nicer places to stay in Delhi	Don't confuse this hotel with the 'Oberoi Maidens'! The service at 'The Maidens' is not brilliant - very slow service in the restaurants/ garden bar. Staff almost seemed not to notice you were there. The indoor area of the garden restaurant was characterless. Our room was a decent enough size but did not have any windows so was very dark and a bit musty smelling. The local area is not one you want to walk around really - very smelly. We have stayed at Claridges before (much better accomodation and service, and in a much better area where you can walk around) and would go back there next time.	
Oct 17 2009 	Garden oasis in rambling Delhi	The maidens hotel is a great choice to stay in Delhi for people who like heritage hotels and enjoy gardens. Garden is huge and there is also a pool. Standard rooms are a bit uninspired, but provide all the amenities (central a/c, sat tv, big bathroom, comfy beds, minibar etc). The garden is the biggest asset of this hotel- which other hotel has a similarly big garden in delhi?? probably none. In my eyes, the hotel is fair value and the service is very good, very attentive and kind. I could be worthwile to opt for a superior room if you stay for honeymoon. Garden terrace restaurant is a lovely place to have dinner. Relax while staying in a bustling multimillion inhabitants metropole!	
Aug 6 2009 	Loved	heritage property with good parking space in heart of Delhi with excellent ambience	
Aug 1 2009 	An Oasis in Old Delhi	The hotel looked beautiful on-line, but we weren't sure from some mixed reviews. This is the place to stay in Delhi! The staff are warm and attentive, the back garden and pool was like heaven after a crazy day on rickshaws and the beds are so comfortable. When we arrived they had even baked a cake for our honeymoon. Wild peacocks often sit on the back fence and overall you could not want more from a hotel. We loved The Maidens!	
Jul 17 2009 	Beautiful interesting heritage hotel	We arrived at the Maidens very late after they confused our airport pick-up. (I notice this happened to someone else recently....perhaps they should note the theme.) Once we arrived, they were very helpful, and they settled us into our comfortable rooms. We had a delicious breakfast buffet each morning, which was included in our room package. The pool was beautiful, and the gardens were amazing. While some travelers may perfer ultra-modern 5-star sleekness, I significantly prefer the lived-in and comfortable charm of the historic Maidens. Also, I'm sure you could not find friendlier staff or better service (aside from the airport problem.) Another great attribute of the Maidens is that it is located very close to the metro station, so there is no problem quickly getting around town.I highly recommend this hotel, and I will definitely go back whenever I have the opportunity to return to Delhi.	
Jun 26 2009 	Old World Charm	Things got off to a bad start when the hotel failed to send a car to pick us up from the airport as arranged. After enduring an hour taxi ride with a driver who got lost (and this using the pre-pay taxi stand in the airport!), we eventually got to the hotel. The first task was to actually convince the staff that we had booked a car at all! When they eventually checked their details and realised their mistake, they upgraded us to a suite which looked newly re-furbished. After this bad start, things got much better. The hotel is a vague throwback to a bygone age. A nice cold Kingfisher in the Cavalry Bar to take the edge off the heat of the day is a very acceptable way to spend time. The lunch buffet in the main restaurant is pretty basic and not worth the money - stick to eating in the terrace cafe. The staff were very friendly and very helpful and, when we stayed there again at the end of our holiday, they put us back in the same suite room at no extra cost. The room itself was quite modern with flat screen TV's in the bedroom and the living area and the biggest most comfortable pillows I have ever slept on. The bathroom was well appointed with a large walk in shower and a nice big bath. Everything was spotlessly clean and, after the early difficulty, it was a joy to stay here.	
May 11 2009 	diasppointing	I was all excited to enjoy this hotel, as it looks really nice from the pictures. And it actually may good potentials, if you do not mind being about 8 kms. from New Delhi. I decided to go all this way from New Delhi, but, it has been a disappointing experience. I was put into a room that had no windows, as the only source of natural light was a small window made of frosted glass that was giving to the corridor !!! As a moring surprise, I wanted to use the kettle and it did not work.	
May 6 2009 	Terrible old rooms but wonderful new ones	The superior rooms look terrible, without windows and not renovated. The better rooms are wonderful with old fashioned, beautiful bathrooms, and stylish decorated rooms with an extra living room. Complain, it's worth it!The breakfast's not bad, nothing special. The location in the north of delhi's ok, but it's actually better to stay in the south, closer to the centre. If you're planning to go to Agra with the train - highly recommended - than this is the right place for you, because it's not too far from the station and the train's leaving very early in the morning.	
Apr 22 2009 	Comfortable elegant hotel	We had booked superior rooms for our three day stay, (not sure why they're called superior as they were the cheapest rooms!), however we were delighted to be upgraded to deluxe suites, which were lovely; a huge bedroom with TV, ensuite luxury bathroom, and a large walk-in wardrobe as well as an even bigger lounge, with sofas, another TV, tea &amp; coffee facilities, minibar etc. All rooms had large windows, but with frosted glass, as they opened onto a wide communal veranda, but as the rooms were light and airy this did not bother us at all. The hotel dates back to the &quot;days of the Raj&quot; and is a lovely old white building, but the interior furnishings although very smart and plush and all immaculately clean were very &quot;corporate chain hotel&quot; style, no real flavour of India inside at all. However as we were to discover on the rest of our trip, traditional rajasthani beds are very hard, so the Maiden's well-sprung mattresses, crisp linen sheets and fluffy pillows were a luxury we missed later on! Travelling with two young teenagers we wanted to have a relaxing holiday as well as enjoying the cultural highlights, so throughout our trip we chose hotels with pools where possible. After a cold wet March in Kent and a long overnight flight, we enjoyed our first day in India relaxing in the hot sun by the Maidens hotel swimming pool. It was deserted apart from us, beautifully warm and clean and set in charming lush gardens. The staff at the hotel were all very friendly, helpful and welcoming. They helped us plan our excursions, arranged transfers and gave useful advice. We did not use the restaurant much as it was ridiculously expensive for India. Of course, big hotels do charge over the odds, but 4 burgers and cokes cost £40. When you have to rely on bottled water for all drinks and cleaning teeth we rather resented paying £1.50 a litre, when it was about 12p in the local shops. Having said that the food and service were both very good.	
Apr 17 2009 	Lovely Old Hotel	We stayed here for 2 nights as part of a custom tailored tour of India. We had a suite room which was very large, which included a double bed, 2 flat screen TVs, desk, couch, chairs, tables, huge walk-in closet, and huge bathroom. Amenities included robes, slippers, bath products and daily newspaper. Beautifully landscaped gardens and a large outdoor pool. The hotel has lots of security, both roaming and stationary. All cars are checked before entering hotel grounds. Our breakfast was included with the room each morning and was served in a small room overlooking the gardens. Breakfast included eggs cooked to order, toast, pastries, fresh fruit, juices, coffee and tea, and several local Indian dishes. While we were only in the hotel early mornings and late evenings, we thoroughly enjoyed the ambience and service.	
Mar 19 2009 	A great choice in Old Delhi	There are few places worth staying in Old Delhi but Oberoi Maidens is an exception. The staff were very accommodating in trying to organise an early check in for us and as a result we got one of the suites with a separate living space. The room is very well appointed, as is the bathroom with a separate walk in shower. We found the staff to be very helpful and loved the location of the hotel just minutes from the noise and bustle of Old Delhi. There is also a pool which offers a refuge when it all gets a bit too much. My only criticism is that the restaurant, though good, is incredibly expensive for India - and not that far off attaining London prices.	
Mar 6 2009 	nice building very poor service	Stayed for 3 nights in a suite in Febuary this year, we had windows, but poor view of the car park. the room was great, with lots of space, however the service at this hotel is terrible, reception staff dont seem to care, did not tell us when messages were left for us,the breakfast room is too small to cope with the number of guests trying to use it, we asked for lemon for tea, 3 times 3 different waiters and then it was taken to the wrong table. Room service took 90 minutes, an hour and a half to get a pizza, they said the kitchen burnt the first one, they just forgot to send it.we are going back to Delhi later this year, but wont be staying at the Maidens again.	
Mar 1 2009 	Most rooms do not have windows!	The Maidens Hotel is a lovely place, however we were surprised to find upon arrival that the rooms (with the exception of a few suites) do not have windows! Luckily we were upgraded to a very nice room because of a mistake made by Expedia, but the windows in our room were covered with a film. The building feels a bit like a former military site for high ranking officials.	
Feb 28 2009	Peace and Quiet...huge room	The most peaceful hotel I stayed in during my tour in India. Carpeted hallways and thick stone walls keep all the noise out. Our room was huge. Almost too big! Staff was very helpful. They helped us make phone calls and arranged to ship us a sweater we left in our room. The restaurant is delicious. We ordered a la carte, which was a bargain and delicious food. Breakfast is good, but special orders take a long time.	
Feb 11 2009 	Great Choice in Old Delhi	Highly recommended, gracious accommodation and super service. Great value compared to The Imperial or The Taj. Super rooms, go for a premier room, worth the extra.Well located for the attractions of the Old City, Red Fort, Jama Masjid, Chandni Chowk, etc. Not so good for nightlife or restaurants, but Delhi sprawls and nowhere is good for everything.	
Jan 23 2009 	Greatest hotel ever	The Oberoi Maidens is a old colonial house, a heritage. It is situated near to the station an Old Delhi, but very calm. The service ist great, very friendly. For breakfast there is a big assortment of continental and indian foods. The restaurant has great indian food with very delicious sweets. Because I stayed here in winter time, I couldn't use the pool outside. But the rooms were heated well. They were very clean, noble in space with marble in the bathroom, which was as large as other whole rooms in a hotel. To stay in the Maidens Hotel is a little bit like a great Step back in the history with all security of today.	
Jan 19 2009	Beautiful Hotel	I stayed here at the beginning and end of a 16 day tour and was impressed with this hotel. On the first occasion I was upgraded to a suite (room 402) which was consisted of an enormous sitting room and equally large bedroom and had a truly luxurious ultra modern bathroom with marble walls and venetian style mirrors. The shower was enclosed in a glass wetroom. Even the loo was in its own glass cubicle. Everything was spotless. I ate with our tour group in the restaurant and the food was very good and service outstanding. It is part of the Oberoi group, so it lived up to expectations. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants modern accommodation in a colonial building.	
Dec 30 2008 	Good City Choice	We have just returned from a two night stay at this hotel as part of our holiday in India. The hotel is situated in Old Delhi about a 10 minute taxi ride from the Red Fort. A hotel in the old city is further from the airport than any located in the new part of Delhi. We arrived at the hotel at 4am in the morning. I may have selected a hotel in the new city to avoid the extra 30 minutes or so drive from the airport.The hotel is in a very quiet location and very clean, which were important considerations for us. Our double room had been refurbished to a high standard and was very spacious. This included a good sized, new bathroom which is not always provided in these hotels.The room had tea making facilities. As we had an early start we ate at the hotel restaurant. The service was excellent and the food reasonably priced. However the menu was limited and or average standard.	
Dec 22 2008 	Nice but quirky	Older, typically British-style property. As noted by others, no exterior windows, but this didn't bother us. If you're used to the 4 Seasons, then this not for you. If you like older hotels with different types of rooms, and willing to put up with poor a/c and noisy wedding party (on weekends only) then try it. You might like it - we did.If you don't like the first room assigned go look at others. You eventually (with persistence) will find an acceptable one.Buffet breakfast above average.	
Dec 1 2008 	Lovely hotel but very expensive restaurant	Our first stop on our first holiday to India. Had a lovely room but all the windows of all the rooms seem to look out onto the coridoor which makes them rather dark.Didn't really have much time to explore as our two days were taken up with guided tours but the swimming pool looked very nice!The drinks and the restaurant food were double the price we paid at other 5 star hotels in India so suggest you get a taxi to dine out. Chor Bazaar in New Delhi is excellent and great fun!	
Nov 30 2008	We expected something better	This hotel was a disappointment as the rooms were very dated. We had a TV in an old cabinet from the 70's. The room was large to the point of being too large for the amount of furniture in it. There was a room for our suitcases with metal cabinets like we had in high school. The bathroom was nice. We had a room with a window to the hallway. The restaurant was very expensive. Breakfast was pretty good. There was nothing near the hotel in walking distance so we took a tuk tuk. The outside and hotel lobby were nicer than the rest of the hotel. I would probably look for a different hotel if I was coming back to Delhi. We asked to break some money and the hotel could not change a 500 rupee for smaller money.	
Nov 22 2008	Slightly disappointed	I stayed at the Maidens in Old Delhi at the start of an escorted tour of Northern India. Having read the guide books and reviews, I was keenly looking forward to this particular hotel.I must say that the hotel did not come up to expectations. Although the hotel is clean enough, the plumbing is quite out of date and is in need of renovations. Many of the rooms are small and have no windows. The Garden Terrace restaurant offered poor food and breakfast in the same restaurant was not up to Indian standards.The reception staff I found off-hand and unhelpful. I appreciate that there is an atmosphere at the hotel that puts it above the 'cold' comforts of the international chain hotels, but I had hoped for a better experience.	
Nov 1 2008 	Absolutely fine - but lacking soul	We stayed here for the last two nights of a two week holiday in India - and maybe that was the problem. We'd stayed in such amazing hotels, full of colour and life along the way, that the Maidens seemed a little characterless. It's a lovely looking building , and the suite we had was, large, well equipped and comfortable - though it had no outside windows which made it feel a bit oppressive - and it lacked any homely touches or decoration. And we never did master the air conditioning so were a bit chilly at night! We ate in the restaurant both nights as there didn't seem to be a handy alternative. Again the food was OK , the service pleasant if slightly chaotic - but we had much better elsewhere. Breakfast was fine - though again a bit chaotic with lots of toast burning going on! The pool and pool area were pleasant and peacefulSo absolutely fine as a first or last night hotel. If you're staying longer in Delhi you may want somewhere with a bit more soul.	
Oct 30 2008 	Not impressed	This was an extremely disappointing end to our holiday in India. Whilst this looks like an impressive hotel from the outside we were very unhappy with our room. Anyone staying here should note that their so called 'superior rooms' on the first floor are all internal (we were in room 207) with a frosted glass window into the corridor that lets in very little light. This may not bother some people but I found it extremely claustrophobic. The room was also badly in need of a coat of paint and the bathroom was a litle dingy. I think what really made me angry however was the disinterested and apathetic response from staff at the front desk. They were less than helpful when asked to do anything and when we enquired about changing the room we were told that &quot;most of our rooms have no windows&quot;. That was that. I would have expected a higher level of customer service from a hotel in the Oberoi group and to have at least been offered an upgrade which we would have considered. The breakfast buffet was very poor compared to previous hotels we stayed in and the hotel itself was located far away from the centre of the city/shops etc.	
Apr 22 2008	An oasis in Delhi	The pool area is lovely &amp; relaxing with friendly staff. Could be doing with controls for air conditioning in bedrooms as we were cold at night in them. Found the food expensive -e.g..575 r. for a room service toastie ^ for my son &amp; dinners were more expensive than everywhere else we went.As this was our first stop in India, we felt we'd no choice because no alternative within walking distance locally.There were no real windows in the bedrooms as just frosty overlooking the corridor.On the whole, the pool &amp; little cafe area made this a good place to stay for 3 nights whilst travelling around Delhi area &amp; we wished we were back there when we ended up in the City Park Hotel later in the tour.	
Apr 16 2008	superb location	This hotel is in a great location. It is minutes from the fantastic Delhi Metro station Civil Lines. It's SO easy to ride the metro a couple of stops to the central areas of Delhi.The rooms are large, quiet, comfortable and good value for money. The pool is a decent size and the garden a nice place to retreat to for a cool off.Staff are extremely helpful should you need any advice or help. I would definately stay here on my next trip to Delhi.I particularly liked the fact that my room had a seperate seating area that I could retreat to after putting my 4 year old to bed.	
Apr 3 2008 	fantastic	We stayed at this lovely place three separate times in the month of December 2007. Staff was fabulous ... especially front desk and breakfast waiters. We stayed in three separate rooms, and highly recommend an upgrade to the newly renovated 4th floor executive suites.Travel in India can be tiring, and having a wonderful place like Maidens Hotel to relax in made our stay in India FABULOUS.	
Mar 26 2008 	great hotel	Spent 2 nights at this lovely hotel. Everything about our stay was enjoyable. Food at breakfast and dinner was excellent. Nice big rooms although a little faded. Great pool area. Service throughout the hotel was first class. They are great people.	
Mar 25 2008 	Historic Charm	I found the Maidens to be a great hotel. If you are visiting Delhi as a tourist, this is the place for you. It is full of colonial charm, great service, and has beautiful grounds and landscaping complete with roaming peacocks. The room was very large with traditional décor. The breakfast was good. Architecturally the building is a delight. It lacks some of the modern elements you would find in a business hotel- it is a historic building with some creaks and old fashioned elements, but that is what I found best about it. It is a relaxing oasis that connects with India’s history and is also near the Red Fort and other attractions. On the same trip I stayed one night at one of the modern business hotels downtown where I paid more and wished I was back at the Maidens.	
Mar 23 2008	Disappointed with the room	We arrived at 04:00 hrs at the Maiden Hotel, it looked very impressive. Very clean and grand considering what lay in the streets outside. We were given a room on the ground floor which was huge, albeit a little on the sparce side. The bed was a king size but the matress was as hard as nails. We had a seperate dressing room area and a large bathroom. On the whole it was clean but it could have done with a lick of paint. I didn't like the fact that there were no windows, only two frosted ones that if opened would look out into the corridor.On the whole I was relatively pleased with the room until I saw my dads room. It was beautiful. He had a marble shower with gleaming gold taps, fluffly towels and dressing gowns. The bed was like it was fit for a princess. As we were on a VJV tour and had all paid the same money I was a little put out about this. I got my husband to ask why we had a basic room and he didn't. We were told that he had had an upgrade!! I accepted that and tried not to moan anymore. Breakfast was a real treat. Boiled eggs were made to order and the spread of fresh fruit was mouth watering. The breakfast room over looked lovely green well kept gardens. The staff were a little on the aloof side, but very attentive.The evening meal was a buffet, the food was hot and plentiful.The surrounding gardens were well kept with an ambundance of flowers. The swimming area was secluded but the water covered with dead flies!!!On the whole a good hotel, if you pay the price for an upmarket room to complete the experience.	
Mar 20 2008 	Two nights at The Maidens	I spent two nights at The Maidens, upon arrival in Delhi. Nearly everything I'd previously read about the property, turned out to be my experience exactly. The frosted window facing the courtyard/walkway gave one the feeling of an inside stateroom, on a cruise ship. Some what confining. The room &amp; bthroom were both large. There was a terry cloth covered step you had to use to enter the tub/shower because of it's height, plus the &quot;rising&quot; shower curtain when one turned on the shower, was some what of an inconvenience. Beautiful bathroom, but everything ended up WET because the shower curtain floated. The lack of individual temperature control for the air was not good. The electrical power fluctuated and went off several times, during our visit, leaving one in the dark. Overall, the property, grounds, etc. are well maintained, be it somewhat antiquated. Breakfast (furnished) was merely breakfast, nothing to write home about. Would I return, yes. Location not ideal, but the hotel was very nice.	
Mar 14 2008 	Good hotel but rooms could do with a little renovation	My girlfriend and I stayed here for two nights at the start of our holiday. The public areas of the hotel are well maintained and have a colonial feel to them. The food was good and the staff friendly and courteous. Our room was large with a separate area for storing cloths and where the mini bar was located. I would say that it could have done with a little work as the decor did seem a little tired. Our room also had no window, but I don't know if this is true of all the rooms at the hotel. We had a wander outside, but there is very little within walking distance in the way of bars and restaurants, so we ate exclusively at the hotel. Prices, as you would expect, were expensive compared to eating out in Delhi, but still cheaper than you would expect to pay in England. The Red Fort is close by. Over all, I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel.	
Mar 1 2008 	Lovely old hotel with character and colonial feel	Lovely old hotel with character and colonial feel in old section of Delhi. Large rooms. I ordered from the menu in both restaurants and found the food to be excellent.	
Feb 29 2008	Pleasant Hotel	The Maidens Hotel is a very pleasant colonial style hotel in Delhi. As other reviews have said, there is not much within walking distance but in a city as massive as Delhi it’s impossible to be central to everything. The location is fine and everything you could possibly want to see is a relatively short taxi ride away. The hotel rooms are huge. They are well kept and well cleaned. Nothing too fancy but certainly above standard for India. There were no real windows in our hotel room but we never felt as if we were boxed in. The frosted windows to the hallway serve their purpose and there is plenty natural lighting and windows throughout the hotel. We found the food in the hotel to be rather pricey but of above average quality. The hotel bar is small but a very nice place to relax and have a cold Kingfisher after a long day of sightseeing in the hectic city of Delhi (talk to the bartender “Richard”, he’s a fun guy). The morning breakfast was great. They have a nice mix of traditional English breakfasts and Indian cuisine plus endless cups of nice strong coffee. They also serve some great fresh squeezed watermelon juice.From what I gathered, the entire hotel was filled with older (senior) British tourists. There was nothing wrong with this but you may feel more like you’re in England than India at some points while at this hotel. That said, there were a number of Indian functions taking place while we were there (weddings. parties, dinners, etc.) so it must be well liked by the upper class locals.The hotel staff (more so the front desk) is a bit inept. They just seemed to be missing a beat but I’ve never been one to get overly agitated with hotel staffs. Be assertive when you need to and they will accommodate your requests. Just a heads up, they will have no recommendations for eating outside the hotel. Definitely make it a point to research some restaurants if you plan on eating out. Moti Mahal was a very good restaurant. Don’t let the surroundings scare you away. Overall it’s a pleasant place. Don’t let negative reviews make you think this place is cockroach pit. The hotel is clean, the food is good and the staff is average.	
Feb 27 2008	Old fashioned India	The Maidens is a lovely old-fashioned hotel. The rooms are large and very clean. The breakfast that came along with the room was ample although not terribly exciting. The hotel staff was very helpful and the backyard of the hotel often has a wedding going on which is quite fun to watch. You cannot walk anywhere from the hotel but taxis are easy to get and there is a subway stop somewhere not too faw away.	
Feb 9 2008	Colonial Charm	A colonial hotel, a little frayed at the edges, near old Delhi. Huge rooms (without a view, but light enough) and even more huge dressing area and bathroom. Needed a lick of paint, but for character, service and charm, was absolutely fine.	
Jan 28 2008 	Tired Dirty and overrated	Arrived late at night from UK - long transfer across Delhi to get to the hotel. The public areas are ok - but the rooms are very poor - no air conditioning - just a vent in the top of the ceiling. Our room smelt of damp and had cockroaches! Not a great welcome to India! Also most of the standard rooms have no windows - just a frosted window to the hallway.We then had a series of hotel staff knocking at the door at 1am trying to show us round the room etc all wanting a tip! It is really annoying when all you want to do is shower, unpack and go to bed.The breakfast room and food offering were below average and the staff were barely interested in helping.We were really disappointed as we expected a smart colonial style hotel that would be clean and friendly. We were only in Delhi for 2 nights and out sightseeing during the days but dreaded returning to the hotel.This really is nothing like the rest of the Oberoi hotels which are all amazing!	
Feb 23 2007	Luxurious but flawed	There's a lot to like about this hotel. We stayed in one of the suites (no smaller rooms were available), which was simply and attractively furnished and very spacious. There was a little noise from the road, but this is inevitable in Delhi. The disappointments came with other features. Breakfast was notably poor - not enough seats in the small breakfast room, and the worst choice of food we had anywhere in India. The bar was also disappointing.We visited some friends at the Imperial which seemed like a very impressive hotel all round, and I think we would stay there next time.	
Jan 3 2007 	Great last night in India	We booked this hotel through a travel agent after selecting from the trip-advisor web page. The hotel made a nice change from the multi-storey variety and has the real feel of what an Indian hotel should be. The room was spacious and comfortable and the staff at the front desk really helpful.The restaurant/coffee bar was no great shakes but adequate and there was a lovely swimming pool in the gardens.As we had an early flight a superb continental breakfast was served in our room at 5am!! Highly recommended.	
Dec 28 2006	Comfortable and Spacious	This was a lovely end to our stay in India. The hotel provided an excellent breakfast and had clean spacious rooms. The room was clean and had very comfortable beds. The hotel staff were very friendly and happy to engage in conversation.	
Dec 23 2006 	Not bad for the price in Delhi	I had to go to Delhi for a few days for a trade fair and chose the Maidens hotel as it seemed to be a decent 3-4 star hotel from whatever info I could find on the web. New Delhi hotels can be a pit pricey, and I had managed to get a good package deal here. The hotel upgraded me to a suite room for 1000 Rs. extra. While the suite was huge the furnishing was just about decent, nothing fancy. There was only one tv in the living room and you cant watch TV lying in bed. Also the windows of the rooms had frosted glass and hence it makes you feel more lonely esp. if you are travelling alone. Staff was friendly and cooperative. The hotels location is not great, but they arrnange for taxis instantly at the hotel. Food is also good, though theres not much too choose from at breakfast	
Aug 22 2006	so and so	the hotel is charming, but not so much.rooms are large and comfortable,BUT: if breakfast is not included, they charge for it too much money.the location is not so good,because it is in old dehli,too dirty and noisy.	
May 27 2006	A very Colonial Hotel	This was our first stop in India, arriving at Delhi airport late at night, the journey across Delhi was an experience to behold in itself, it took about an hour but at least our driver knew where he was going. The hotel was clean and comfortable, plenty of hot water, the room was large although a bit dark. The air conditioning worked well if a bit noisy, the windows didn't open which was a bit of a nuisance but I don't think we would have had much of a view anyway. The food was good, the staff helpful especially in the restaurant when choosing Indian dishes. All our trips and cars had been pre booked so we didn't have any problems in that area. The hotel was efficient at changing our travellers cheques. The hotel is a bit out of the way, the street outside is very busy but the people are friendly. Delhi is a sight to behold in its self, but so worth a visit. We didn't see any monkeys in the area.	
Mar 7 2006	OK but not much more	Spent 2 nights here.The room was large and the beds comfortable, but the style was dated 70's and didn't match the elegant exterior of the building. We never had any problems with hot water, and enjoyed the breakfast , and the evening buffet meal. The pool is a good size and deep too. The hotel is out of the way though, being neither in New Delhi or the old city. That means a tiring and hectic taxi ride to get anywhere. As a tourist this was a pain- if we return to Delhi I think I would choose a more conveniently situated hotel	
Jan 28 2006	Not satisfying	We stayed here for tree nights in December 2005 and were very disappointed as well. While the reception area doesn't look bad, the rooms are very old-fashioned, dark and do not seem to be very clean. Also we had a problem with the cold, and all we got was this small heater as well...Staff was very very slow, especially the concierge at the front desk. Everytime we asked for something, it took them hours, even if it was somethin very small...The location of the Maidens Hotel isn't a pro either-the biggest problem is, that barely no Taxidriver knows the place and they always mixed it up with the Oberoi-Hotel, After having had dinner at The Park we really regretted that we didn't stayed there-but next time....	
Jan 10 2006	Colonial Charm	The Maidens Hotel was the first and the best hotel (of four) that my wife and I stayed at in India on honeymoon. Out of the city centre, it suited us perfectly as it proved a wonderfully peaceful retreat from the hustle and bustle of Delhi at large.The staff were both helpful and professional and nothing seemed to be too much trouble for them. The food was equally fantastic and provided a introduction into the subtlety of Indian cooking (in hindsight, I only wish that I had been braver to eat more of the meat dishes).As for the rooms, they were luxurious and spacious. I say rooms as we were lucky enough to get upgraded to make way for an Indian wedding party - itself a spectacle to behold.An amazing experience.	
Dec 29 2005	Average overpriced and far away	This is an average hotel. I was charged $150 for a room, but was told by the hotel clerk that the room goes for $180. I felt sorry for myself that I paid $150 and sorrier for the fools who pay $180. If you are going to choose a hotel in this price range and this far away from the center of things, you are better off choosing a room at the Intercontinental at Nehru Place or The Grand New Dehli - two great hotels. The rooms and hallways at the Maidens are shabby, and restaurants/services are limited. My flight out of India was delayed for several days, so I stayed at several hotels. Maidens ranks as the most expensive and one of my least favorite.	
Jul 8 2005	A beautiful escape from the chaos!	The Maidens is a bit isolated, which can be an advantage if you're tired of the constant sensory overload of the city. I spent the last 2 nights of a 30 day stay in India here, and it was a delightful way to end my trip. The staff are professional, the hotel is very well maintained, the rooms are enormous and very cool (almost cold at night). The grounds are lovely, including a large pool and outdoor cafe.When I wanted to go anywhere, taxis were waiting onsite. I will definitely stay here again on my next visit.	
May 24 2005	Atmospheric Hotel	We arrived late at the Oberoi Maidens and were upgraded to a suite (we'd booked a standard room) The staff were extremely helpful and we particularly enjoyed the ambience of the hotel - it is a real throwback to the days of the Raj and the dining room is hung with fascinating photographs. Historical interest - Lutyens stayed here when New Delhi was being built - and it was a favourite dining place for the British during colonial days. Food and service were good and the grounds are pretty with an attractive swimming pool.We also stayed at the Park in New Delhi (excellent) but the Maidens has a very individual character. The surroundings are not particularly attractive but this is Old Delhi and don't you want to see the 'real'India?	
Mar 11 2008 	Exzellente Zimmer schlechtes Restaurant		
