Oct 18 2009 	Top Notch	I was a great fan of the erstwhile Lodhi Hotel on whose site hotel Aman now stands. Located in one of the best locations of the city on Lodhi Road, Aman is another name for luxury.Right from their branded luxurious Ambassidor taxis to private pools in every suite they have it all. I stayed in a 2 bedroom suite for two nights on the 4th floor with my family and we were treated like royals. Every small bit was taken care of. The staff was helpful to the core. Unlike other hotels the uniform of the staff was ethnic Indian and really smart. One of the unique thing about Aman is the &quot;jharokhas&quot;, in the corridors which allowed partial light to pass in making very beautiful and unique atmosphere. Well worth a visit if one can afford.	
May 11 2009 	Oh My Gosh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	From the view of a 13 year old.The Aman New Delhi was the most amazing hotel I have ever stayed in! I am 1 of 4 children in my family. We stayed in a 2 bedroom suite on the 7th floor of the building. We had a huge balcony, a private plunge pool and three plasma screen TV’s. We got two rollaways in the room making it big enough to sleep all of us. We only stayed for one night then caught a midnight flight to Hong Kong the next day. The parents went out during the day to do some shopping while we chilled at the hotel swimming in the pool, playing squash in the air conditioned courts, playing on one of the 3 tennis courts, exercising in the gym etc. They got back at 4:00 and we chilled some more. Then we got room service for dinner (which was very special because our dad does not like room service) and packed up for the airport. We were driven there in the specially made luxury made Aman ambassadors. The Aman New Delhi was awesome!![--]	
May 10 2009 	Stunning	My spouse and I live in New Delhi, but we stayed at this Aman to celebrate our anniversary. I agree with the previous reviewer - having lived in Delhi all my life, I can say with some confidence that this is by far the best hotel in the city.The highlight is the rooms. We had the basic one-bedroom suite, and it was absolutely gorgeous, and this I say even though I slightly preferred the rooms at Amanbagh. Judging from the other Amans' pictures, I'd say this is probably one of the nicest looking rooms in their repertoire. The plunge pool area with the daybed and large balcony is especially gorgeous, what with the light streaming in through the jharokas. The service was very good and the the massage rooms were well done. The head assistant manager was amazingly helpful - he helped my wife set up the surprise, showed her all the rooms she wanted to see so she could pick the one with the best view, and many other little things.On the downside, the lobby area as well as some other areas were unimpressive, the food was ho-hum, not at all tailored to the Indian palate, and the choice of vegetarian food was sparse. The hookah they made for us was terrible, so steer clear. They claim that they have a mughal architecture, and aside from one or two design features, they don't (but who's complaining?). The pool is nice, but not nearly as good as some other Amans.  Also I would suggest going after September (that's when they properly open) if you want to avail of any of the following services - hammam, steam and sauna, one of which we did but were not told aforehand of its unavailability.We were there on a Sunday, and the church nearby had a huge procession going on from like 4 in the morning. They sang very loud, and the songs were atrocious to boot, and really ruined my night... I couldn't sleep for more than 3 hours. So check up on this - I don't know if it's a Sunday morning thing or if it was some occasion.Despite it's shortcomings, hopefully all temporary, the room is so amazing that I can't justify taking off a star.	
May 3 2009 	Best Hotel in Delhi	The Aman New Delhi was not fully open on April 29th when I was there. Only 3 suites and about 2 dozen rooms were open, but all were occupied. Even the local taxi drivers do not know it yet, so ask to go to the 'Lohdi Hotel' -- the site of the new Aman. If you are an Aman Lover, this place will not let you down. Ask to stay on the top floor of the aman wing. You can see Humayan's tomb in the distance from 803. All the rooms and plunge pools face inward and are very private. Service is insane.Don't miss the Tapas bar or the spa. Each spa room has its own steam and make sure to book the room for at least 3 hours between treatments. They are currently running a 550$/Night special (Plus fees and luxury tax) so it definitely worth the splurge during this soft opening period.	
