Nov 21 2009 	Who gave this hotel a 5 star rating???	In a nutshell, very disappointing. At a push, I'd rate this hotel 4 stars with it's only saving grace being the very good Chutney restaurant that's part of the complex. Apart from one particular doorman, the staff were incredibly unfriendly and not overly helpful. Our room had a damp, musty smell about it, the bathroom was grimy and moldy and all the complimentary bathroom products had clearly been re-used that many times that the shampoo bottle's label had all but worn off. The hotel's 24hr cafe was also very average...ordered food did not come out as requested with no apologies and and for a 5 star hotel, I'd expect the bar to serve gin. This hotel needs a serious overhaul...not just the facilities but also the staff....some customer service training wouldn't go astray. In the meantime, can somebody please downgrade this hotel to a 4 star hotel as it's an embarrassment to every other 5 star hotel we've ever stayed at.PS. as already mentioned, the Chutney restaurant is excellent...great food and service and very accommodating regarding dietary requirements. My suggestion would be, stay at another hotel but got to Chutney for dinner.	
Nov 21 2009	if you like food dont stay in MetroPolitian Hotel	I’m staying in this hotel for 16 nights. from nov 14 to nov 29th, 2009. The food here is okay and because of my surgery, I cannot leave the hotel, so I eat here just about every day. Only twice i have ordered food from outside the hotel (delivery). Both times I had a call from downstairs about my food; I confirm that the delivery is for me. But no one helped me to bring it upstairs. the management would not allowed delivery boy to come upstairs nor he or any of the staff helped me for at least 20-25min. when I call front disk (they had no idea- and refer me to a manager), when I call the bell person- they asked me to call the front disk (Nov 17,20th in the evening orders, between 9-11pm). Both times the food finial got to my room Cold. And not eatable. Now i understand the policy of Hotel to try to make money by having there guest eat at their restaurants. At the same time- i do really feel that this is going too far by not allowing your guest to enjoy food from outside the hotel. I personally cannot eat the same food every day, and I have been to all your restaurants and order room service all the time. but when a guest would like to order from outside. it should be allowed. The manager's name was Ansha... he had no idea of what’s going on or didn’t care. I talk with him 4times during this period, I asked him to please have somebody bring my food from outside, and I cannot leave my room - with my condition. But he was not hearing me right. He kept repeating to me (I’m sorry, would would like some free food from hotel restaurants.) again back to the same thing.I would like an explanation of what happen and (is this the hotel policy; not to let their guest buy any food from outside?) if yes they is should be plainly written on your website. Please keep in mind- that I’m not looking for coupons and free stuff, I’m looking for better service and freedom to choose what I can put in my stomach.	
Nov 20 2009 	Loved the Old world charm of the Hotel	We had a three day stay in Delhi &amp; chose to stay at The Metropolitan, due to its ambiance, location &amp; old world charm. The building has a rare grace, which is a rarity at most hotels today, as the theme at most Hotels appears to be very Glitzy. The experience overall was very good, though the brackish water in the toilet &amp; bath were rather upsetting, this has resulted in toilet &amp; bath fittings getting rusted &amp; spoiling the overall experience a little.The buffet breakfast is good with a good selection of hot &amp; cold food, cereals, breads, etc., to choose from. We had only one meal at the hotel &amp; the South Indian fare for the Buffet lunch was very authentic &amp; tasty.Overall a very satisfying experience.	
Nov 16 2009 	Don't bother with a "Club Room"	We stayed at this hotel for five nights. Overall, we were quite disappointed with the hotel considering what we paid. It is not 5*. CLUB ROOMWe decided to pay extra for a club room thinking that we would get various 'extras' as listed on the hotel website. This included access to a Club Lounge with complimentary drinks and, according to the website, unlimited liquor. What we came to realise however, was that a lot of the so-called Club Room 'extras' are actually available to all guests. It is not worth the money.Our room was on the sixth floor. The decor inside was a little dated but no real complaints. On arrival I went to the bathroom and found a live cockroach scurrying across the floor!! I used a glass to trap it and flush it down the toilet. We had no other insect problems.The bathroom toiletries are pretty poor. No Molton Brown or Kama Ayurveda products as we had come across in the Taj / Oberoi hotels previously. The hotel slippers are nice.CLUB LOUNGEThe Club Lounge is a rather dank and uninspiring place to be. It is in the basement of the hotel and has no windows. There is a flat screen TV on the wall and quite a large selection of magazines. The staff in the Club Lounge are quite pleasant although requests for drinks were met with confusion, lots of discussions amongst the staff and telephone calls (presumably to other departments within the hotel - who knows). It all seemed very bureaucratic and slow. It was as though we had asked for some difficult request even though all we wanted was a vodka and coke. The promise of unlimited liquor between 18.30 and 20.30 was a very awkward affair. On one of the nights we went to the Club Lounge, we were told that the lounge was being used for a private function and so it was closed. After lots of fuss, we were allowed to use the bar in the lobby. On another night, we were told that we were not entitled to free drinks at all as we had apparently been upgraded and were not true &quot;Club Room&quot; guests. I had to complain to the hotel manager who sorted it out. Later that same night, we were told that we were only allowed two drinks maximum whereas the website promised &quot;unlimited liquor&quot;. I had to go into the Business Centre and print off pages from the website to prove that we were actually entitled to as many drinks as we wanted. The entire affair was frustrating.So far as the rooms are concerned, Club Rooms are no different to standard rooms. I know this because my parents were staying in a standard room and their room was identical to ours, albeit, on a lower floor.We also found the room very noisy. There was a strange clanking noise coming from the walls. I'm not sure if it was the air conditioning, water pipes or because our room was situated next to the stair well. We had quite a few restless nights. I would take ear plugs next time. PIGEONSThe hotel is plagued with pigeons which sit on the window ledges of the hotel. When you look out of the bedroom window, you can see roosting pigeons looking into your room as well as pigeon poop all along the window ledge. The pigeons also sit on the edge of the swimming pool and drink the water. This makes the pool seem very unappealing. There are only three sun loungers outside. We sat out a couple of times but there was a strong smell of sewage in the air that made sitting out very unpleasant indeed. This is probably outside the hotel's control to be fair.FOODThe selection at breakfast was very good and we were looked after very well. There is a man who makes omlettes / pancakes and there are plenty of food options choose from. On one occasion, we had to wait in the lobby to be seated for breakfast but this wasn't too much of a problem. You have to pay extra to eat at the Japanese restaurant for breakfast.The Chutney restaurant is also very good. We ate there three times as we were so impressed with the food. It is quite pricey compared to what you would pay on the streets but the service and ambiance is very good. The air conditioning can be quite intense so take your thermals.SPAThe spa is very good with a fantastic selection of treatments. The prices are pretty reasonable. The treatment rooms all appear to be kitted out very well. I had a massage where the therapist used her feet instead of her hands. I also had the treatment where a oil is dripped onto the centre of the forehead (the &quot;third eye&quot;) whilst being massaged by two therapists at the same time. Everyone was very pleasant in there. I very much recommend the spa. I did not use the gym but it appears to look very well equipped.Overall, this hotel is fine but it did not exceed our expectations in any way. I really think it is a bit cheeky to say that this is a 5* hotel and charge 5* prices. The service and amenities just are not there. The staff overall are very pleasant however and I am sure they are all trying their best.	
Nov 14 2009 	It is difficult to get everything wrong....however this hotel managed it!	My wife and I have been working in Afghanistan for 18 months. Recently we were joined by our first daughter. We get 2 weeks leave every 2 months and we decided to go on our first family holidy to India - Goa to be more precise. However, our poor daughter became struck down with various Indian stomach bugs and we decided to go back to Delhi a day earlier - the only hotel ,which looked semi decent from the websites - was the Metropolitan New Delhi. What we needed was an oasis of calm before heading back to Afghanistan. Sadly, our one night at the Metropolitan Hotel made our holiday even worse!Where to start? Perhaps with the staff - every single member of staff, from the bell boys, to the room service to the receptionist were sooo ingratiating and would hang around furtively looking for a tip. They only gave the impression that they were doing anything at all for a few extra rupees! Next, the room - it was tiny and looked like it had not been renovated for at least 15 years - the style was very very out of date. Also, the &quot;separate seating area&quot; in the room amounted to an entire chair! Hardly a selling point. Room service, while coming quickly, was mediocre at best but do not be tempted to order any of the desserts - the two we had (tiramissu and New York Cheese Cake) were terrible (neither tasted like what they were supposed to). Additionally, do not bother tipping for room service (although the guy will hang around like all the staff looking extremely expectant!) since the hotel charges a 10% service charge on room service on top of the meal price! Then there wa breakfast - generally the food was poor, however, you know a hotel has hit a new low when it is looking to apparently save money on the morning coffee. The waiter poured if for us and at first we thought it was tea! It was so clear! We asked him what was going on and he replied &quot;No, its just very weak coffee...&quot; It really did look like some hot water had been placed in a kettle next to a jar of nescafe, but the two had only had the most fleeting of meetings....Finally, to cap it all, were their taxi policies. For some reason, if you get a black cab from the Metropolitan, their meters do not work. This of course then necessitates an annoing bout of haggling with the taxi driver once at your destination...Overall, the Metropolitan just managed to get everything wrong. We understand now why it was the only 4 star hotel with any rooms available on that night....	
Nov 14 2009 	no no NO no NO!	For the sake of £20, stay in the Lalit or the Hyatt, or even the Ramada (Gurgaon or Delhi)I travel a lot around India and South Asia with my job, and I always try to stay in hotels where I can work, it's peaceful and it has a certain standard of service. Oh, and a good gym. That's probably the most important!  I tend to stay in the Lalit when I'm in Delhi, but this time I decided to give the Metropolitan a shot - call it branching out. It was the worst mistake I could have made. The staff are generally unhelpful, there is a horrible musty smell permeating through the rooms and the corridors, the gym is a terrible A/C less (until you manage to find someone to switch the manual A/C on) basement windowless cave with no complimentary water, towels or anything that you would expect in a 5* hotel. More to the point, the rooms are antiquated (in a bad way), the plugs are coming off the walls, and if you need to catch up with work- forget it. The desks are such that I can't even get my legs under it because the chair is too high, so I have to sit in a strange, side on twisted position to get on with my work. Great for the back. And the room service menu is limited and small. Just don't stay here. Really. Go to one of the other hotels- I can't recommend the Lalit enough.	
Nov 14 2009 	please read my review before staying in this hotel	we booked this hotel through thier website and clearly put 2 adults with 2 children, we were checked in to this room that half the carpet was black from cigeret ashes and no extra beds for my two childs. contacted the front desk and they said they will provide as one fold up bed for one child with additional charges. they brought this fold up bed...i will not let my pets sleep in it, after contacting the manager who was very very rude... he suggested to us that we all sleep in one double bed.... i demanded to speak to some one and the assiatant manager came to the room. i had already taken photos of the bed they supplied and told him that i will post this on all sites i can. he was the only stuff that understood our problem and told us to check out the suits, the suits came with a price but we had no options. the bed mattres springs were horrible. they also advertise tip free hotel... i swear the beggers on the street did not push you this much as they did...especially the front door man... he was unblelivable. the swimming pool area is discussting and please do not let your children swim... we did and my son and daughter both got sick... the we stayed thier in november and the aircon in the room only blows cold air and when you turn it off.. it turns on by it self at night while you sleep which gave us all cold.. the breakfast in the morning was also horrible... i can promise you some of the left over food gets warm for the next morning like noodles. when checking out we had 7 stuff surrounding our taxi for tips. only 2 desrved tip...the other 5 had thier hand inside the taxi for tip...we didnt know why... the management were just looking. they should pay thier stuff more so they dont beg. tip is for a service...but when they ask money with out any service...thats begging... overall very very disappointing stay, i will not recommend this hotel at all. the only man that i can say was help full was haider the assistant manager.... poor poor quality hotel, this can berated more like a 2.5 star hotel....it is very filthy and dirty also.	
Nov 14 2009 	5 tarnished stars	I flew into India in the wee morning hours, arrived at The Met and was made to wait until they could a) find me a room b) proceed to clean said room after finding me one. I had pre-booked everything expecting that upon arrival I would be ushered to my room where I could take a long hot shower and settle in. WRONG! I was made to wait for about 20 mins. There after I was escorted to my room by staff eager to make a quick buck. I had just settled in after my shower when along comes a member from the cleaning staff (having just heard that a new cash cow had settled into a room on his floor) who knocked once and then proceeded to open my door. Good thing I had just come out of the shower and managed to wear something otherwise there would have been hell to pay. This persistent, rude, ignorant cleaning staff member was so caught up in trying to make a buck that he didn't realize I had just checked in under 30 minutes ago. He kept asking me if my room was clean. I should expect it to be so, I hadn't had a chance to do anything. The view from my room looked out onto the back of the property which included an abandoned over grown lot with a bunch of dumped mattresses, and some homeless children. Later on I needed to iron my clothes I called up reception who transferred me to housekeeping who said that I would have to put in a request for the next morning. I told them that I just needed to use and iron, I would do it myself, they insisted I put in a request for -something I needed done now- tomorrow morning. I also needed a charger for my phone, when I phoned reception they said they would track one down for me. They did and it turned out that the pin size I needed was actually broken and wasn't working. I ended up spending over 300 INR just on local phone calls. Before checking out I spoke with one of the Managers who said they were sorry for any inconvenience and that was it. Food was mediocre as was service. I feel this hotel really needs to re-classify themselves because honestly with the exception of upper management front of the house staff- all the other staff members are just keen on milking/begging tourists, and making a quick buck without providing any real service,	
Nov 13 2009 	Expensive and bring your own bath gel	I went with an open mind after reading the reviews on trip advisor. Although the lady at reception was really nice and pleasant, the hotel and old and not too well looked after. What was really disappointing was the bath gel in the bathroom which came in a tiny bottle. It was so thick that you could turn it upside down and it would not flow out!Housekeeping does not replenish toiletries and I had to ration to make sure that I had enough to use for my stay there.	
Nov 6 2009 	Average and expensive	An average hotel in a good location. I don't think the hotel is 5 stars; in the best option I would give the hotel a 4- stars. Service is very &quot;bureaucratic&quot;. The usual smile but not helpful. Rooms are small and old and they have no character. I would recommend this hotel only if the price was in the range of 120$ per night and not in the range that it is now (over 200$).Go there only if you find a good bargain otherwise try to find something else.	
Oct 19 2009 	Great moderate hotel close to Connaught Place	Arriving at noon, I had no problem checking in and getting my room keys.The hotel is located 15min walk/$3 Tuktuk ride from Connaught Placewith restaurants and Palika Bazzar for shopping.	
Oct 6 2009 	Very nice. Appriciated Ashok from Housekeeping	Ashok was very attentive and made sure anything we needed was taken care of. We also appreciated the rooms and the security.	
Sep 26 2009 	very expensive hotel	We stayed here in Sept 09.over 10 days we checked in 3 times as we were travelling around. it is very expensive to stay here.the 5 star Sakura hotel food is awful and so is the service.we had to complain as at £60 a meal in India you expect the best.The bar rates are terrible we had 2 beers and 1 malibu and coke we Paid £26.Be careful as we got followed outside this hotel by a rickshaw driver.they are in gangs to try to loot you please be careful dont listen to them..I would not stay here again as everyone expects tips even though it is a tip free hotelOur room view was a field were i saw people using the field as a toilet. All in All too expensive and well over rated.	
Sep 12 2009 	Worst hotel I 've ever had to stay at you only get served on tips while it is called a tipless hotel	The rooms were below the standard for this kind of hotels, the price they charge for the rooms are again too high for what you get. The roomservice was good if you put some money for the housekeeping, otherwise your room was not as neat as if you did tip the housekeeping. The towels and usual stuff you find in the bathroom were not replaced if again no tip was left! And there is also a lot of noise, not only during the day, but also at night, a lot of noise!Furthermore, doormen, the bellboy, the service all expect you to give them for every move they make, even if it is just calling the cab, and if you dont tip them, also again they the next time they act like you re air, while you are polite and kind to them....so dont!The taxidrivers are the worst, they make up prices and charge you at least twice as much as an other cabdriver would charge you, and almost push you to go to restaurants and shops they have a deal with, so they can earn a bonus, even if you dont want to, it feels like you re being kidnapped.So all together, the worst stay ever, and I have been to many countries and stayed in a lot of hotels of 4 and 5 stars, this hotel should be given a max of 3 star and they should pay their employees more, so they do better work and dont try to milk the tourists as a cow, but treat the tourists as they treat cows (holy)!Furthermore, the prices of the hotel differ from the internet, so try to pay before you go to the hotel, or you will be unpleasantly surprised!!!So all together my rewiuw is poor-average!	
Aug 31 2009 	Good Hotel	The hotel is located in commercial Hub, Connaught Place, of New Delhi. It's very well connected to all means of Transportation. Cozy hotel with good service. Overall experience is good.	
Aug 3 2009 	Gr8 value.	We booked through the hotel website and got a good deal, ie. Rs.6600 all inclusive with breakfast for a standard room/night. the strange thing was, the hotel wouldn't themselves give us this rate and wouldn't suggest we make the booking through its website for a lesser rate! Perhaps an employee in sales trying to make his monthly quota? also, check the other online hotel booking sites for a slightly cheaper rate.When checking in, we were informed that we would have to 'pre-authorise' an amount of Rs.10,000. When asked why we should do this as they already had our credit card number, the staff couldn't come up with a valid explanation. It felt like they didn't trust the guests, or was it only Indian guests? I wonder! They wouldn't give a receipt for it either!this was a no-tips hotel, but it is so only in name. The staff are constantly engaging you in chitchat and there are 3 of them rushing to open the car door and then hovering around hoping for a tip! While i did tip the bell boy on principle, its absolutely ridiculous!The room was pleasant enough and so was the bathroom. It was quiet with a view of connaught place in the distance. The mattresses needed to be changed as they were really uncomfortable and sagging.The hotel is located right in the middle of things and we were a rickshaw ride away from the metro and there were restaurants in the vicinity. The breakfast was average.However, i have to mention that this hotel cannot be classed as 5-star deluxe. It is too small and the facilities aren't up to scratch. The staff arent that well-trained either.Apart from the check-in episode, i would stay in this hotel agian, given the stellar value for money.	
Jul 21 2009 	Do not stay there - pay 30 US more and stay at Meridien for example	staff was helpful enough to make it up for the very bad room and the overall conditions of the hotel We had to change 3 times because we could fell the wires inside the matress. Outdated rooms, not so cold shower, poor quality breakfast. We ordered room service and it was ok but nothing really good specially considering the price 15 us for a hamburguer. The only thing is that we hired a car to go to Agra and the driver was really good, no incidents, no crazy driving, no offerings to stop at any shop, expensive service though.	
Jul 11 2009 	Not bad but not great	Read very mixed reviews of this hotel on Trip Advisor but decided to go ahead and book 2 nights as the price offered was very competitive.First impressions when arriving in the early hours of the morning were good and check in was quick and efficient. The room was a good size and furinished in a Mediterrean theme.Didn't wake in time for breakfast but had a good lunch in the cafe off the lobby at reasonable cost. As it was a Friday there seemed to be quite a few local business people having lunch there.Tried out the gym which was very small relative to the size of the hotel but reasonably well equipped. The changing room was far too small. After comments I had read on this site I didn't have high hopes for the pool area but I think the management have taken some measures to improve it. There seemed a reasonable number of sun loungers and the was clean. There were a lot of flies around the pool though - perhaps unavoidable given the central location of the hotel. What was very off putting was the staircase from the changing room to the pool which was covered in bird droppings and feathers - so many feathers I kept looking for a dead bird. The pool attendant, sat at the top of the stairs, seemed oblivious to the mess even when I pointed it out!Tried out the hotel bar but despite it being 8pm on a Friday night we were the only guests there. Lack of guests was perhaps made up for by the large number of hotel staff watching the 20:20 cricket finals on the large screen TVs!Checked out in a hurry and I didn't notice that I had been charged for the room which I had already paid for via Expedia. I contacted the hotel on returning home and they quickly acknowledged their error although it then took them over 2 weeks to pay the refund to my credit card.All in all I would say that this hotel is trying hard but does not live up to the international standards it aspires to. All the staff I came into contact with were extremely pleasant and tried hard. What is lacking is attention to detail. I expect that the hotel is struggling as there seemed many more staff than guests during our stay. I would stay there again, at the right price, but would also pay a little more to stay at an international 4 or 5 star hotel.	
Jun 11 2009 	Enticing	Its located near New Delhi's premier business &amp; shopping district. It has a beauiful landscaping. The hotel provides good hospitality, warmth and exceptional service.The hotel has 3 restaurant which provides Indian, Japanese and multi-cuisine cafe.	
Jun 9 2009 	Too much noise for a top establishment	A very comfortable four to five star hotel with all the necessary amenities and decent service. But if they're have a private pool party, as they do during Delhi's wedding and political seasons inthe winter months, it can be ridiculously noisy if your room is overlooking the pool. The loud &quot;thumpa-thumpa&quot; bass n' drums went on until 230 and the staff made noise cleaning up for two more hours after that. Complaints went unheeded and a form filled out and submitted to the manager produced no response whatsoever. I won't stay here again for this reason. A shame really because the Indian and sushi restaurants are great.	
Jun 9 2009 	decent hotel	A decent hotel. Pricing was quite reasonable and that was the reason for choosing this hotel.Overall the rooms were a bit small but manageable - food at the restaurants was average and decent,.Not a very great lobby but was ok. Service was decent though people at the front office need to smile a bit.Overall a good hotel for business travellers.	
Jun 7 2009 	Best value for money in Delhi! Relaxing "No tips" policy	We spent two nights there. Very nice place with very helpful personnel! - No tips policy which is in place at the hotel is very important feature for Delhi. We stayed in one 5star hotel in Delhi in two weeks after Metropolitan and the manner of asking and waiting for tips was reaally annoying there. It made me sick. - Roomservice in Metropolitan is really good. - For exploring the city in the first day we hired a car with the driver from the hotel. My advise: guys, do the same if you don't know the city well or don't have local friends. It's not an easy task to get a cab (a proper cab, not a reeksha) in the city. Hotel drivers are more accountable. It's safer. It's much more comfortable (as air conditioning definitely will work in a car). And at the same time hotel drivers also know a lot of local stuff to show you around if you want. Yes, hotel cars are more expensive. But the difference is not that dramatic at the end of the day. Reekshas are cheap. But I didn't want to use them to travel through chaotic Delhi traffic. - The same is true for food. In the hotel - the food is more expensive than outside, but if you don't know how to choose and what to expect you'd better pay more and stay on a safe side. When you will know the city better you can safely explore other places to eat. But hotel restaurant is ok for newcomers. Location. Geographically the hotel is situated really close to central Connaught place. Which is good if you want to explore the city by yourself. At the same time the neighborhood seems to be not a good one. A lady at reception honestly informed us that we'd better not to walk around by ourselves at night. That sounded scary. But we walked a lot in afternoon and it was ok. I will not downgrade that hotel because of location since all the good hotels in Delhi surrounded by more or less the same environment. Either they are in sterile areas amidst governmental building or close to landmarks the hotels will be surrounded by high walls and guards. Therefore the close proximity of Connauhgt place is a plus in that case. To sum up. We found the hotel and its service really great especially on the contrast to some surprises and bad experience we got in other places in Delhi. Best choice for new guys in town in my opinion	
Jun 7 2009	Fairly good but should be better	A well locatied hotel with good sized rooms but what lets it down are the little things. Staff, though helpful are predominantly indifferent. The rooms are comfortable and extremely well maintained -- the housekeeping being the best feature of the hotel during my stay; I felt like I had a personal valet at times. The bathrooms are ok but the shower could have been a bit newer for this tier hotel. The breakfast selection is poor for this price hotel; I'd stayed at 3 star hotels with a better selection. Items are not replenished fast enough either and the overall breakfast service in lucklustre. Should you venture to have dinner here, you will be charged extortianate prices for things like burgers and club sandwiches-- you really wouldn't mind if the food quality and service were top notch, but they're just not. Internet access in the business centre is also extremely expensive so don't waste your money. The hotel boasts a very nice pool but there is no service at all around it; so if you happen to want a refreshment, you'll have to hunt around the lobby for a waiter or go get one yourself. There are only five, yes five, sunloungers for the entire pool; on the weekend it's fairly busy so if you want one, get up early and nab one. This didn't seem to be an issue during the week though. The location can't be faulted and the hotel was clean, secure and felt upmarket but when compared to other 4-5 start hotels I've stayed at in India, the overall service impression was lacking. If you manage a good rate, the service issues are bearable; if you're paying their full ratecard, stay somewhere else.	
Jun 4 2009 	Little bit of Japanese in Delhi	Hi,A Good hotel in a posh locality. Easy access to any point in Delhi. Plus being a Japanese themed hotel, helped the other guests who stayed along with me.The restaurant served very good food. There was some Thai festival going on at that point of time &amp; the spread was good.	
Jun 3 2009 	Good experience in Delhi	Rooms are fine, Breakfast was very nice. Definately, staff is an asset to the Hotel.I especially like the &quot;No tip&quot; policy	
May 31 2009 	Give it a miss	I have just returned from a trip to India which included a night at this hotel at the start and end of my holiday. I really hate to be negative but this hotel has few redeeming factors. I appreciate that it is not top-rate price for Delhi but the rooms were very ordinary and the club room I booked for one night was no different to the ordinary room. The restaurant was unbelievably slow and the staff were not at all attentive or interested. The club lounge was closed so could not be used (although the patio restaurant was available for use but we had to explain that we didn't have to pay for our coffee because it should have been free in the lounge.) Food and drink is very expensive. Also, it has recently been renamed and taxi drivers and tuktuk dirvers do not know where it is - we had an unpleasant tour of Delhi at 11.30 pm in a taxi which could not find it - he kept saying that the address we gave was for a different hotel.	
May 23 2009 	reasonable but left me with a bad taste	My girlfriend and I were reasonably impressed by the quality of the Metropolitan on arrival. We found it quite an elegant, clean and well furnished hotel - pretty much in line with our expectations. However, we left a week later with a distinct feeling of having been thoroughly ripped off. The food and drink was *ridiculously* overpriced : on our first night, I had an extremely poor curry in the main cafe/restaurant and was charged the equivalent of 15 GBP. On the last night, while we waited for a taxi to the airport, I ordered a bottle of water at the poolside - it cost me approx 300 rupees, that's 10 times the price in the street outside. There's simply no excuse for this, it's just blatant profiteering. I accept that it was my own choice to pay these prices, but these episodes (and others) created a very bad taste in my mouth. I got an increasing sense that the hotel management was simply trying to fleece us for whatever they could get away with.	
May 20 2009 	Excellent hotel a bit too expensive	The Metropolitan is a comfortable place in &quot;Grand Hotel&quot; style, conveniently located close to Delhi's central Connaught Place. The hotel facilities and rooms are of excellent quality, although a bit limited (no real bar, only a noisy night club and two expensive restaurants - but a fine swimming pool).Service was just average. The pre-arranged pickup car at the airport wasn't there. Although friendly, the front staff was not very well informed (every question going beyond &quot;How do I get to the Red Fort?&quot; was met with blank stares). Room maintenance was excellent though. One day (out of my 9) the water in my bathroom was distinctly brown, but apart from that everything functioned.I was more disturbed by the price of every extra. Hiring a car through the hotel cost about the double of what I could arrange myself; internet acess at 300 Rs for half an hour is a ridiculous price for Delhi; and the breakfast buffet (though excellent) at 750 Rs was also a bit hefty - this is Delhi after all, not London.But overall the Metropolitan proved a welcome oasis every evening after the hustle of Delhi. Knowing the city better now I'd probably not go back and try to find a slightly cheaper hotel with more character, but for a first-timer with some money to spare, this is a good choice.	
May 11 2009 	A comfortable experience	I travel to Delhi several times a year and generally prefer to stay at the Metropolitan. It is conveniently located on the Bangla Sahib Road near Connaught place but the locality is quiet.The staff is prompt and efficient. The rooms are not very large but make up with the soft lighting, comfortable bed and seats.It has 3 restaurants which serve Indian, Japanese and world cuisine. The buffet dinner is sumptuous with a good salad counter, Indian and oriental fare.For the price of the rooms in a city like Delhi where the hotels are mindlessly expensive, the Metropolitan offers good value for money especially for the business traveller like me.	
May 11 2009 	Professional Staff	Me &amp; my wife booked the deluxe std room for our wedding night but at the check-in time, we were provided complimentary upgrade from the management in the executive floor + a bottle of house-wine.Buffet breakfast in the morning was par excellence and so was the chocolate truffle cake we ordered from their bakery.The hotel is centrally located in New Delhi and also offers in-room dining 24hours. They have a great pool, well equipped gym &amp; massage service and lovely spa to relax everyone.Besides being positioned as a business hotel and we not being business guests, we really felt nice with their hospitality.We would definitely recommend this to other people across the world since we ourselves experienced the professionalism.	
May 6 2009 	Very Mixed Experience.	I booked two stays at this hotel in the last month. On the first occasion, I arrived at about midnight and was given a smoking room which they tried to convince me was non-smoking. After returning to the reception and insisting they moved me, I was given a non-smoking room. On the second occasion I was given a room with a non-smoking sign screwed onto the door, but it stank of cigarette smoke and thus was clearly not what I had asked for. The reception staff were relatively clueless and unable to answer any of the questions I asked. They always referred me to either the bell boys or the travel desk. The hotel did not have a concierge, and the travel desk was actually a tour company, so as you can imagine they did not give impartial advise. In fact, when asked which train station my onward train left from, they sent me to the wrong station (luckily i had plenty of time to rectify the situation).In terms of service, the bell boys were excellent, always giving me the information i needed with a smile.The food was the best thing about the hotel. The morning breakfast (included in the room price) was an extensive buffet with European, Indian and Oriental foods, all very tasty - a very good start to the day. I also ate in the Indian Restaurant which was also high quality, but extremely expensive given the costs of food elsewhere (1800 Rp/person).The internet was extremely fast, but seemingly extortionate at 250Rp per hour or 750RP per 24hrs.I initially booked this hotel because there was a 45% discount on the room rate (5500 Rp from 10,000). If I had paid full price for the room I would have been very unhappy. Overall it was an average and expensive experience. This is in no way a 5* hotel, it is a middling 4*. Next time I return to Delhi I intend to try out a different hotel.	
Apr 30 2009 	must try	nice hotel restaurants and spa.... pool should be taken care of and reception is not the best ....but rooms and bathrooms are nice...close to the gurudwara and CP so that is also a plus point...nice hotel overall...must try....	
Apr 30 2009 	Disapointing for a 4/5 Star Indian Hotel	We booked this Hotel for the last night of our India Adventure, we stayed in 5 Hotels in two weeks, the previous 4 absolutely fabulous (strongly recommend the Taj Hotel Chain), this hotel looked good value in terms of cost and service, they even market as a &quot;tip free&quot; Hotel which is the case however what they dont tell you is that they add a 20% compulsary service charge on every service, every drink and meal which is far more than any tip you might give.The Staff in Indian Hotels are normally very freindly and effcient however in this Hotel they are totally unmotivated (probabaly due to the lack of Tips), the resturant staff get orders wrong and trip over each other, they all appear to be trainees. At checkout time the bill is so complicated with service charges its almost impossible to see what you have or havent been charged for.To be fair in your average European city this hotel would be ok/avaerage but certainly not up to the usual standard for 4/5 Star Indian Hotels.On a Plus point Japenese resturant is lovely	
Apr 26 2009 	Perfection of scamming	If you get a bit tired and annoyed with the scamming on the streets of New Delhi, don’t book into the Metropolitan, because they have pushed things to a new level… We had arranged our own transport to the airport since we did not want to pay the inflated rates at the hotel, but staff at the Metropolitan were barefaced enough to chase our driver away so that we had to use their taxi! We were also not allowed to cancel our breakfast for the last night although we had to check out at 4am in the morning. Instead we were given a really impressive packed breakfast consisting of a small o-juice, a stale doughnut, an apple and a sad Danish pastry at the charge of £14. If you don’t mind this kind of callousness, the outdoor pool is lovely after a day in the city and the rooms are nice enough if you are not after high end design.	
Apr 26 2009 	Good Option In Delhi	I had a very comfortable one night stay in this hotel.In a city where hotels are not very cheap, I through the £80 I paid for this one was good value. The hotel is in a good position, a short tuk tuk ride to Connaught Place which was good for a drink and evening meal. I had one lunch and the hotel and the food was quite food - pretty much Westen prices. The rooms were simple but nice and the pool I think is a must- a great way to relax after some the heat of sightseeing in Delhi. In summary I think the hotel is good value and a very comfortable place to stay in a nice city.	
Apr 26 2009 	poor service	This is not a &quot;no tip&quot; hotel. The staff is constantly chasing you for tip.The staff was rude.	
Apr 18 2009 	Good enough	Highlights:-Reasonably priced-Good Location-Friendly staff-Good restaurants-Nice gift shopDisadvantages:-Rooms are old-More birds are swimming in the pool than people-No convenience store-Had the potential to charge you for everything (e.g. use of the business center's internet)If we were to travel back to New Delhi, I might look for another place to stay. But if I couldn't find anything else close to the $200/night range, I would stay here again. However let's hope the hotel rooms get remodeled soon. They're over due. I would like to thank the staff for their kindness. We pre-booked our rooms, but had to change our plans due to an unexpected illness. Fortunately the hotel staff was understanding and accommodated our changes with no penalty. Thank you.	
Apr 9 2009 	Pleasant convenient and clean	We spent 5 nights at The Metropolitan. I travel a lot on business and am picky about sheets and cleanliness. I was a little worried about what a moderately priced hotel in India would be like (based on horror stories from others)--and we didn't want to pay for a really high-priced hotel. We found the rooms (7th flr) pleasant and clean (good high count cotton sheets..), and the location was convenient. My room had a rather &quot;odd&quot; view of a garbage dump and a slum, but my co-traveler's room had a beautiful view. As we also found in Mumbai hotels catering to westerners, the Metropolitan is taking security seriously. The staff were helpful--and we especially enjoyed talking to one of the young waiters about current events in Pakistan. I had to have some clothes cleaned and while it was expensive, I have to admit the clothes looked perfect when I got them back at the end of the day. The only unpleasant surprise was the high taxes imposed on the room rate, something I had overlooked in mentally calculating the cost.	
Apr 7 2009 	very happy with 3 night stay	spent our first three nights in india being eased in at the metropolitan before staring a two week group trip with intrepid though rajastan. easy location to head out to sites and shopping. pleasant staff- great breakfast buffet.check out the craft house.	
Mar 30 2009 	Perfect Hotel for Visit to Delhi	The Metropolitan Hotel is a five-start hotel located about a 20-minute drive (with no traffic, 50 minutes in rush hour) from Delhi's airport and is a perfectly located gem for both visiting Delhi and just relaxing away from the bustle of the city. Check-in is easy and smooth, although different in the respect that each guest is seated at a desk with a receptionist as opposed to a long counter like you find in most 5-star hotels. There was a special on hotels.com which permitted us to book at $110/night although our general experience is that those &quot;specials&quot; usually mean you can get the same rate if you book with the hotel directly. If you do, there are a number of airlines for which you can get an extra 500 airline miles (I think American was one, I forget the others).Your bags are quickly whisked upstairs to your room. The Metropolitan seems pretty reliable about its &quot;no tip&quot; policy for employees, but if you're a Westerner visiting India, it seems fairly stingy not to tip and in our experience, the tips are not refused (although it is nice that employees do not linger, hoping that you will).The rooms are spacious and clean, especially the bathrooms. Having clothes cleaned or pressed is easy and affordable (they do not provide irons and ironing boards). Internet costs about USD15 per day, which is a little pricey, but, in our case, necessary. After checking in, we arranged to have a private driver take us to the Taj Mahal and the Agra Fort very early in the morning -- the travel desk was entirely accommodating and did not blink when we asked to leave at 4am (we had to return to Delhi by early morning). The cost was USD200, although that is for the car so if you have a number of passengers, it's very affordable and well worth it. The trip to Agra took 3 hours on the nose, although there was no traffic. The cost includes an English speaking guide which we did not want, but they provided anyway and it was nice to have someone there to help negotiate the entry of a larger camera (and its evidently more threatening battery). I probably do not need to recommend the visit to the Taj Mahal -- it is as stunning and grand as you think it is. Entry is USD15 for foreigners although we were told that the Indian government was changing the entry fee so that all who want to enter (foreigners and Indians -- who now pay next to nothing) will pay USD4.The trip back was 4.5 hours (heavier traffic, especially from Faridabad to Delhi).The Metropolitan Hotel is a unit of Summit hotels and caters explicitly (although obviously not exclusively) to Japanese tourists and businesspeople. That's neither here nor there except that there is a very nice store located on the hotel premises called &quot;Craft House&quot; at which you ban buy very affordable gifts and souvenirs and they also have a smaller selection of Japanese items. There is also what is evidently regarded as one of the nicest Japanese restaurants in Delhi, although we did not eat there.The staff were all friendly and helpful and we cannot recommend the hotel high enough (it is also in close proximity to the Gate of India and shopping on Connaught Place).The only complaint I would register is the outrageous cost of printing in the business center (USD1 per page).	
Mar 22 2009 	Excellent hotel....not sure about the restaurant!	After 11 days traveling round india in mid range hotels we decided to treat ourselves for our final night in India. The service and room did not disappoint us. All you would expect from a 4* hotel (not sure it reaches 5*). Its location is perfect for all the touristly hot spots and refreshingly it is tip free. However, instead of having the relaxing end to our trip that we wanted we were violently ill after eating at the very expensive Chutney restaurant. In defence of the hotel, I did not have to pay for the meal and they did supply us with a free airport transfer but this unfortunately I had to request this as it was not offered automatically. I can only assume that this was due to different expectations of customer service and the fact that they may not of had anyone complain about food poisoning before. We would stay here again, but we would stear clear of the restaurant!	
Mar 15 2009 	Building work...what building work?	We stayed here on two separate occassions, two weeks apart at the begining and end of our holiday. The first time at the start of March 09, no problems at all and infact we were very happy with our stay. The only quibble would be the addition of a 5% service charge and whopping 18% luxury tax on everthing, making this hotel quite a bit more expensive than it might seem at first.The second occassion was an entirely different experience. Having checked in (room 701) we could hear drilling and hammering so we called reception to ask if this would go on for long and if so could we be moved. Having been assurred that the work would finish within the hour we decided to stay put. We headed out for some sightseeing returning late afternoon to find the door to a room two doors down was open and workmen drilling and hammering away. Another call to reception to ask why the work hadn't stopped and we were given more assurances that the work would finish immediately. It didn't.By 7.30 pm the noise was still continuing so I went to speak to the duty manager who denied that any building work was going on. I asked him to come up to the room so he could hear for himeself and after he made a phone call, he followed me up. Needless to say, there was no noise when he arrived. He said there was a factory next door and the noise must have come from there. Not very happy at the suggestion that I was being called a liar I assurred him that if there was any more noise I would be seeking a reduction in my bill.Returning from dinner at 9.45pm I was staggered to be met by the sound of more drilling and so went to investigate where the noise was coming from. Through a service door on the 8th floor I find a team of workmen drilling and hammering away. While about to take some photos to prove to the duty manager that work was going on and in this hotel, the housekeeping manager comes along, claiming he was going to tell the workmen to stop. I asked the housekeeping manager to accompany me to see the duty manager to tell him that the work was continuing, which he does and I am assurred by the duty manager that that really is the end of it - there will be no more work. 10 minutes later, back in my room, what can I hear: more drilling and hammering. Feeling pretty angry at this stage I was going to go and tell the workmen to stop myself but upon getting to the service door, I find the duty manager there himself, finally accepting that there is building work going on in the hotel and assuring me he will stop it immediately. Returning to my room, I was called by the duty manager, apologising for the noise and accepting that the hotel had made a mistake. I told him I wanted a reduction in my bill but he claimed I had booked the room at a good rate so he couldn't give me a reduction. An argument followed that the rate I was paying was not the point, the point was the shocking level of service, lies by the hotel staff (indeed its managers) and the fact that our day at the hotel had been ruined by the noise of building work. Request refused!Went to bed. The work near my room had indeed ceased....but I could still hear drilling in a distant part of the hotel until just before midnight, they had simply moved to work elsewhere.We had an early checkout to catch a plane and again I requested a reduction in the bill, which was again refused. Not sure of quite how bad the legal consequence of leaving a hotel in India without paying could be and needing to catch a flight I agreed to pay the bill under duress but have advised them I would be complaining and ensuring that our experience was posted here on Tripadvisor, which didn't elicit any discernable concern.Not a happy experience.	
Mar 11 2009 	Perfect for a very fussy other half!	Having visited India many years ago, I knew what to expect from low to mid range hotels. Therefore taking along my girlfriend who simply has to have everything &amp; anything spotlessly clean and anticeptic, I knew this was going to be a challenge.What a find the Metropolitan was. Of the top range hotels in Delhi, it was one of the cheapest. We paid approximately £100 for a room for the night (no breakfast). However it was money well spent.Location: equal distance from Connaught Place &amp; the Rajpath, this meant that 2 main attrations were only 5 to 10 minutes away. A taxi ride of approx 150 rupees was all it took - an obvious rip off for locals, but still an absolute bargain for tourists. Also at 45 mins taxi from the international airport (approx 900 rupees) then this was ideal as well. The hotel is an obvious island of luxury amoungst the chaos of Delhi, but this is the same all over the city - if you want New England then go to not New England. Thsi is Delhi!Service: &quot;THIS IS A NO TIP HOTEL!&quot; Bliss! No social errors here. It's not the money, it's the principle. Courteous and attentive staff. All said hello, but were not obtrusive. Bar staff on hand when you wanted them. The reception desk staff were not the cheeriest in the world, but were still polite &amp; attentive. The restaurant staff were extremely helpful, and again only appeared when you wanted them to. Concierge / door staff were excellent at getting taxis, usually arriving in less than a minute.Security: With the current climate in India, this wa sof note. A good taxi search on our arrival. The gront gates were always manned by at least 3 security staff. Electronic front door check. The rooks were the usual card key type. Safes in the rooms. There couldn't be more effort to make us feel secure.Rooms: Spotlessly clean. Linen immaculately clean, spotless &amp; crisp. Usual slippers to keep sensitive feet from the carpet. Bathrooms also spotless, as were the fluffy towels. TV had a good selection of channels (&gt;50?), with a larg-ish flat screen TV. Plenty of wardrobe &amp; drawer space and the rooms in general felt very spacious. Beds were made up immaculately, and were very comfortable, on the firm side.Food / bars: We ate in the Indian restaurant in the hotel. Very classy, a good selection, and again very clean. The service was helpful and knew whn to arrive or go away. As experienced Indian food buffs, this was top stuff. You pay hotel prices, but what you get is better than most places in the city. We also had breakfast a few times. A generla buffet, covering English/US breakfasts, Indian, or Japanese. Again, no complaints. Very good tea. The one bar didn't seem to be used much, and had the aircon a bit too cool, but the service was very good.Pool / public areas: Lovely size pool. A bit chilly in February, but certainly warmer than home! Plenty of fresh towels on hand. There were only 5 recliners though. A minor fault. The open areas inside &amp; out had plenty of nice seating &amp; tables. The outside area was used for a wedding on 2 days, which meanyt music at night, but this finished at 11pm.Overall, money well spent, and got a full thumbs up from my very, very fussy girlfriend.	
Mar 10 2009 	Good hotel	We stayed at the Met Hotel in Delhi for two nights.The hotel was clean and the staff very friendly particularly housekeeping.We used this hotel as a base for sightseeing which it is very good for.We enjoyed the breakfast here. They offered Indian as well as continental breakfast and fresh eggs.The cafe for an afternoon snack was not so good as little choice The pastry I had was not very nice (artificial tasting) and the same for my partners cake, but this shouldnt put you off the hotel - just dont eat here for lunch.We didnt eat in the restaurants here but I believe they are very good.The hotel had a nice pool and we booked the this hotel because it had a pool as after a day of sight seeing it is nice to have a dip however unfortunately for the two days that we stayed at this hotel on both afternoons the hotel was getting the poolside ready for weddings (we did go in the wedding season) and as such we were unable to use the pool both afternoons which was a bit annoying as we had paid extra for the priviledge, had I known I would not have been able to use the pool I would not have booked it and paid the extra.Upon checking out I did mention this to the reception staff to see if I could get any discount on my bill but they said that as they had already calculated the bill they would be unable to change it and as we were running late for a train i didnt have time to argue with them. They did offer me a breakfast to take with me for the journey for free but i didnt have time to wait for them to pack it up for me. I would stay here again as the place is nice and we enjoyed a nice drink at the bar one evening (which has a dark and seductive ambience) but next time if I have any complaints I will maike them heard before they calculate the final bill.	
Feb 26 2009 	perfect for our final night in India	We decided to stay at a five-star hotel to give ourselves a bit of a treat as our final night - I think it was well worth it. The room was nice, the bed was super-comfortable.The seafood buffet &amp; breakfast buffet were both quite nice!The hotel is looking a bit tired in places though and it could be a little cleaner.To start with I like the fact it was a tip-free hotel (although what they don't tell you when you check-in is that everything comes with a service charge - aka there's the tip)Would recommend this hotel quite happily :)Not sure if this is a gay-friendly or not hotel - but they had no problems changing a twin room to a double room (ie, giving us the one bed rather than having us in seperate beds)	
Feb 15 2009 	Nice stay but I'd try another hotel next time	Namaskaar. I stayed at the Metropolitan in December 2008, for three nights over the Christmas holiday. Sorry to be late getting my review on this site. The hotel is located in Connaught Circle area. Even though the hotel is downtown, getting around Delhi still requires a taxi or tuk tuk. When the new Metro (subway) system is up and running by 2010 for the Commonwealth Games, getting around Delhi will be much easier for tourists. The tourist sights are spread out and are difficult to get to if you wish to walk around. This hotel has a tourist office on the main floor. The staff is very friendly and are eager to book a tour for you should you wish to spend 2,700Rs for a four-hour tour/with car and guide. For me, a tad bit expensive. Finding a taxi driver or even a tuk tuk just outside the gates of the hotel is far more affordable and fun. You can hire a taxi for the day for about 750Rs and the driver is with you for an eight-hour period. I agree with one of the previous comments about the smell in this hotel. Should you decide to stay here, get a room in the front of the hotel. There is a factory of some sort (see attached photo) at the back of the hotel (just over the wall from the pool) and pollution bellows out from three smoke stacks. When I discovered where the smell was coming from, I requested a room at the front of the hotel and I was immediately accommodated. Another negative experience while staying at this hotel was the cleanliness of the bathroom, in particular the stand-up showers. There was a great deal of mould on the tiling and was in desperate need of scrubbing. The carpets are dirty and old and need to be replaced. There is a business center on the lower level and Internet fees are 300Rs, plus tax, for 30 minutes. Expensive for me. Seeing I was there over the Christmas holiday, I guess the room rates were at the high season rates and I found it expensive. I only ate breakfast at this hotel and the food/service was good. This hotel gets high marks from me, for a very friendly staff. Hats off especially to the doormen. Great guys! Oh yes, there is a nice gift shop near the pool, Craft House, India. Very fine quality gifts and helpful staff.	
Jan 29 2009 	Beautiful Hotel with Great Staff at the Metropolitan	We loved the hotel and all of its staff. The rooms were very nice and large and the staff was always available and very attentive. The one negative I would say of the hotel is the smell just outside by the pool and all the way downstairs near the business center. We could not pinpoint what it was, but it smelled awful for the days we were there. It was fine in the restaurants and in the rooms so could have been something just outside but it lasted for three days. I would recommend the hotel and return.	
Jan 29 2009 	Top hotel in Delhi	I had a good stay in this hotel, staying for 5 nights and dining there twice . On both occasions, I had an excellent meal. The staff were very helpful and friendly.	
Jan 15 2009 	Very pleasant for me	I travel to Delhi every two months, at the moment.I was offered a special promotion so I decided to change from my normal hotel booking to try the Metropolitan Hotel New Delhi.The first impression, reception services, porter etc, were very good, very helpful and pleasant.The room was excellent. The Spa was excellent.Good internet services, which are critical for me.I didn't try the Japanese restaurant, as I am not a fan of Japanese food. The Indian restaurant was very good indeed. The restaurant and bistro in the lobby was good food, but I found service a little lacking on occasions. I did not use the hotel bar, as I normally do, as it seemed to be more geared to a young persons nightclub.The central location of the hotel is superb.If I can get the same special promotion, I will certainly be back.	
Jan 12 2009 	Decent Hotel	We stayed at the Metropolitan following a great stay at the Imperial--so that probably colored our experience--but the hotel was nice--the breakfast was pretty good and the rooms were dated but comfortable. The service at the concierge for arranging a car to the airport was lacking but no big complaints. If you get a cheap rate, it's a fine place to stay. Not much to do there--so a bigger hotel may be better!	
Jan 11 2009 	A good place to stay	A pleasant enough hotel. We loved the breakfast and the food on level one for dinner was superb. All staff are very friendly. As our first stop in India, it was good to know an ATM was just a walk down the road. We only had one problem. We arrived at midnight after flying all day and were looking forward to a quiet night's rest. There is a bar downstairs which had been hired out for a function (Sunday night). Doof Doof music finished around 3. Our heads stopped thumping about a day later. We must be getting old. No problems the second night. I would be cautious about booking this hotel over the weekend in case another function has been booked.	
Jan 7 2009 	High quality hotel with excellent service!!	Metropolitan Hotel offers a service that you seldom meet even at higher rank hotels in other countries. It seems that Metropolitan gives you the best service India can offer in a very nice manner. The restaurants are excellent with very nice food. The food is not as inexpensive as on other restaurants in Delhi, but with European standards prices are relatively low. The rooms are clean and very nice and internet service is available at a small fee. All in all this is a very nice hotel well worth 5 stars by most standards.	
Jan 1 2009	Not as advertised	Both Hotels.com and The Metropolitan guaranteed a comfortable stay for 3. Careful attention went into booking a hotel where 3 could sleep without a roll away bed. After calling The Metropolitan myself I booked the room that Hotels.com and the hotel directly told me included 2 beds and a separate sleeping area with a sleeper sofa. When we arrived late at night after 40 hours of traveling we found a very small room with a roll away waiting for us in the hall. Besides that this was not the room I was guaranteed, the roll away was rock hard, the mattress disgustingly filthy and torn. They had to remove a chair in the room to make room for the roll away and of course, there was only enough room on the floor for our 4 suit cases. We had to step over suit cases to get to the bathroom or out the door. The managers were firm in their position that this is what I had booked and would not consider moving us. It was not until I threatened to complain to Hotels.com and American Express that a 3rd manager was willing to move us to the room I had originally booked but this room only had 1 King. All other rooms were booked. They did manage to find us a futon that was less disgusting turned upside down so I slept on an angle the last of 3 nights. The only consideration the hotel gave us was crediting the shuttle ride which we were overcharged for in the first place. The hotel is clean and the restuarant, although catering to an international crowd was way over priced. We were also there during the attacks on Mumbai and although they informed us that they were stepping up security, there was little visible additional measures taken short of checking our car when we arrived one night. We agreed to pay the additional costs to stay in a comfortable hotel and could have saved hundreds, if not a thousand dollars staying in an ashram.	
Dec 26 2008	3-Star worth a visit if you can find a decent price	Stayed at The Metropolitan for a few days shortly before Christmas. Not too many other guests around, possibly as a result of the international economic downturn and the recent terrorist attacks in Mumbai. However, a party appeared to be enjoying a private engagement in the hotel's public room's at least one night during my stay.As at other large hotels in the city at the moment, all cars were checked for suspicious contents before being allowed to enter the grounds, and visitors'/guests' handbags were searched.I took a prepaid taxi from the airport to the hotel. Neither the driver nor the Delhi Traffic Police prepaid taxi booth attendant recognized the name &quot;The Metropolitan,&quot; but I was able to show them the location on a map I had brought and had no trouble going directly to the hotel. (I'm not sure whether they did not recognize the name because the hotel is also/or used to be known as the Nikko.)All of the staff with whom I interacted, from reception to checkout, were friendly and welcoming. On checking in, I requested a quiet room. I had booked a deluxe room through the hotel's website (Rs. 7500 per night, which is about US$155 before taxes and service fees -- note that taxes and fees increase the total amount substantially); however, I was upgraded to a club room with complimentary breakfast on the side of the hotel away from the street. (I didn't have a chance to take advantage of the breakfast -- I was too busy eating my way around Delhi the rest of the day!) The fittings of the bathroom, bathrobe and slippers, daily newspapers, etc. were all very nice, but the view didn't quite fit with the concept of a club room in a &quot;5-star&quot; hotel. The room was comfortable, although smaller than I had expected from the website description; the website described a deluxe room as having a &quot;comfortable, separate sitting area,&quot; and I naturally assumed a club room would be even larger than that.The bathroom was also relatively small, but was the nicest part of the room.There were maybe three dozen television channels listed in the hotel guide in the room. However, the reception was acceptable for little more than a half dozen, most of these broadcasting in Hindi.My room was quiet during the night, and I slept soundly, although the mattress was extremely firm.Internet access was Rs. 750 plus tax per 24 hours. (The website description of the rooms is misleading in that it suggests that internet access is included with the rooms, rather than that internet access is available in the rooms for a separate fee.) I was able to connect from my room most of the time I attempted to, but there were a number of times that my laptop could not find a wireless access point or that the signal was lost.The hotel is located about a 20-minute walk from Connaught Place and the Rajiv Chowk metro subway station. (There is also a cluster of restaurants, including a shop that sells pastries and ice cream, just 5 minutes down the block.) After my first few days in New Delhi, I decided to move to a hotel further south to be nearer some of the restaurants and other attractions I wanted to visit. (Incidentally, I noted while searching for hotels that the rates The Metropolitan was advertising had dropped considerably from what I was already paying.) I called the hotel's travel desk to inquire as to approximately how much a taxi would charge to take me to the other hotel, which was about 4 km away, and I was told Rs.1000 plus tax. I ended up calling a taxi myself and paying about 1/10 what the hotel travel desk had quoted me.Overall, this is a reasonably-well maintained and comfortable hotel that I would be willing to visit again for around US$160 per night (plus taxes, fees). I would be more enthusiastic about recommending the hotel if the website presented a more accurate description of what is on offer, and if more services were included in the basic room rates (eg internet). I can't see anyone paying US$400 per night, as described in another review. For that kind of money, I would go to The Imperial, where I have stayed on most of my past trips to New Delhi.	
Dec 22 2008 	My home in Delhi	I stayed in many hotels in Delhi, from luxury to budget hotels. I didn't find a better hotel than Metropolitan in the aspect of value for money. Its size, which is not too big, its location near Connaught Place, its friendly staff and the good-looking and comfortable rooms - Makes it the perfect hotel for me	
Dec 10 2008 	Nice stay but shared the room with a mouse	Spent a conference week in Delhi and wanted an upscale hotel. The Metropolitan was a nice place to retreat from the caotic and smoggy Delhi streets. Staff was very friendly. I would recommend eating at the Indian restaurant as food and service was exellent and good value for money. Also the lobby restaurant with changing theme buffet was nice. The concrete paved small pool area was a disappointment as I had thgought about relaxing a bit by the pool. There were also renovation people working around the pool every day and only two sun beds awailable and the area just did not look too inviting. Then there was the mouse in my room. One night just when I was about to swich the nightlight off there was a small mouse running across the wall to wall carpet floor. As this was supposed to be a 5* hotel, out of principle I called the reception and asked them to do something about the mouse. After a while the reception called askin had I seen a mouse or a rat? I told that it luckily was only a mouse and soon three staff members came into the room and started to mowe the furniture around. I had lots of fun while follwing the mouse chace. The mouse ran around the room for a while and then disappeared behind the huge wooden wardrobe. Some other guest also told me that they too shared their room with a mouse.	
Nov 27 2008 	A comfortable but expensive hotel fine for a business trip	The hotel's maint strength is a real comfort for a business trip. You will get more or less everything you need for your business. That said it is really expensive, even for Dehli, and the staff is at the reception really cold and useless.	
Nov 20 2008 	Sakura Restaurant - Shouyu Ramen... Yum!!!	The Shouyu Ramen in the Sakura restaurant was as good as the ramen in Japan!!!This is the first time I've come across ramen equally as good, anyone in the world!!!I am so impressed &amp; would come to stay again, just for that!!!Nisha.	
Nov 20 2008 	The Metropolitan Hotel New Delhi - Excellent as Always	On my trips to New Delhi, I have, in this year been regularly staying at the Metropolitan and I have found the services offered by them as also the culinary experience at the Hotel exceptional. The Breakfast spread, in particular, is vast and has something for everybody from every part of the Globe. The In House services are also very good and the Rooms on offer are, to say the least, luxorious.	
Nov 10 2008 	good option	I stayed one night here and started well as they were waiting at airport to pick me up. I'd booked through a hotel booking site and paid for a pick up. Emailed hotel direct to arrange this and all done easilly. Room was good and slept well - is very quiet compared to some delhi hotels. Meal in Chutney was very nice and relaxed experience. Overall though I would say that hotel a little soul less, but worked well for what I needed for one night to recover from flight . If you want somewhere with a pool to relax by, this may not be best option. Pool is in a concrete setting with plenty of pigeons enjoying a wash and no sign of people or service..only two sunbeds in sight. The pool at shangri-la a much nicer setting and easy to get drinks and lunch from the poolside. Overall shangri-la felt like a more lived in hotel, but metropolitan a good option for easy stay, and good nights sleep.	
Nov 7 2008 	Absolutely LOVED our stay - wish we could have stayed longer!	Frankly, I am shocked by the bad reviews here because I had an extraordinary experience at the Metropolitan and the service was by far some of the best I have received in India.We were in an awful hotel in the South Delhi area and wanted to make our last night in Delhi perfect. Thankfully, the Metropolitan had a room and a discounted internet rate. After losing the better part of our day trying to get some hot water for a shower at the first hotel, we finally made our way to the Metropolitan and were greeted with sublime comfort, exquisite service and a hot, hot, hot shower!! We had a room on one of the Club Level floors (6th) and it was perfect. Clean and comfortable, well appointed and so quiet. It was magnificent!We ate lunch at The Patio, the main restaurant in the lobby area and opted for the buffet. There were many wonderful things to choose from, including some of the most artistic looking desserts I have ever seen. I found the service to be attentive but not overly instrusive.For dinner that evening, we opted for Chutney. I like the ambience of this restaurant with its comfortable seating, low lights and nice service. Definitely a nice place for a romantic dinner. The food was good but not off the charts great!After my boyfriend left to make his flight home, I had an entire day left before my flight. I booked myself a spa treatment which I will say was right on par with any spa treatment I have received in the US. A couple of times the power cut, but hey...it's India! My technician was attentive and my massage and facial were relaxing and enjoyable. I appreciated the fresh fruit and tea afterwards!I found check in/check out to be problem-free and quick and the bell staff helpful and organized. They held my luggage as I took in some sights of Delhi before my departure and everything went smoothly when I needed to retrieve it. My thanks to Nitin (in The Patio) for his sightseeing suggestions - I did manage to get to the India Gate!Overall, I found this hotel to be one of the best places I have stayed while in India. My first choice usually are service apartments when traveling in India, but since this was a one night stay and the last night we were to be in Delhi, I opted for a little extra pampering. My only wish now, looking back, is that we would have stayed here our first night in Delhi also!!!! It was worth the extra $$ paid.We enjoyed every minute of our stay and look forward to future stays when back in Delhi.	
Nov 7 2008 	Worth every penny spent!	I stayed at this hotel for a night with my spouse and give it 100% ratings for the money it costed me. This is one of the reasonably priced 5 star hotel in the centre of Delhi, very much accessible by all means of transport. The food was good, specially the Japanese restorant, Sakura and the indian (guess it's called Chutney). I stayed at the delux room. The ambience of the room was great, the bed was comfortable, bathroom and other accesseries were decently fine. The service was good too. Also, I'd like to mention that while booking the rooms here, do it via the hotel website as they usually have Special tarrifs, which are quite low than the ones offered by travel agents/sites. All in all, a place worth spending a weekend getaway/Business trip. Go for it!	
Oct 26 2008 	Unfriendly and unwelcoming	Found the metrolitan hotel terrible - the staff were rude, unfriendly and unattentive. We had requested a taxi pick up by email a week before arrival &amp; to confirm how much it would cost. As we had had no response we made our own way to the hotel. When we got to the door the manager asked us in a rude accusatory voice 'Our taxi is WAITING at the airport for you - why did you make your own way??', we literally hadn't even got in the door at this stage! After waiting 1.5 hours we got to our room even though we'd requested an early check in. The room was clean but just bland and certainly not 5 star standard. the pool area was very run down - old seats, no staff there - no one seemed to use it. The bar downstairs was quite nice - although the air con was at arctic level (and don't be fooled by the 2 for 1 cocktail deal - they double the prices to make up the difference!!). The crux of our disappointment was that the manager phoned us to tell us he was charging us for the taxi service anyway - we went mad and said there was no way we were paying for their incompentence of not confirming they would collect us. We argued about it and just refused to pay, they kept claiming they'd confirmed by email (the certainly hadn't!). Any hotel that niggles with a customer and questions their integrity is just not the hotel I want to stay in. We had booked a 2nd night on our return journey but naturally cancelled this. You can stay in the shangri la for just 3000 rp more and it is SOOOOOOO much better !!!	
Oct 18 2008 	Service is Disappointing	To be fair, the hotel accomodation is above average. It is their services that disappointed us. Our lugguages were accidentally directed to Mumbai by the time we arrived New Delhi. When we checked in this hotel around midnight, we advised the night shift staff about the Airlines arrangement of sending our lugguages back to our hotel, that is, Metropolitan, the next day. We also advised the receptionist to take a photocopy of the Airlines claim form to ensure everybody knew about this. Since we were heading for Agra early next morning and would not come back until 8:00 pm to pick up the lugguages for an onward flight to Singapore that night, we repeated our request by the time we checked out to avoid any mistake. Of course, you know the answer, there was no lugguage by the time we came back. At first, we thought it was the fault of the Airlines. But we later found out that the hotel staff turned down the Airlines delivery because we had already &quot;checked out&quot;! To add on, our request for one more bathrobe and slippers right after we checked in (the room had one set only, we had 2 persons) was never been fulfilled or being offered an explanation. Was it due to understaff or what? There was a high tendancy of long queue for checking in and checking out because only 2 receptionists were available. I definitely will not stay in this hotel for my next India visit.	
Oct 17 2008 	Overpriced understaffed very average room.	I arrived at the hotel at about 11pm and there was 1 person at reception dealing with 6 people while at the same time answering the phone. The same person was still doing everything at 6am the following morning when I checked out. It took half an hour to check in/out and for $300 a night they can afford more staff. The room was extremely average and not very nicely finished. Best avoided.	
Oct 2 2008 	Great value for the money	spent 4 nights at the Metropolitan and enjoyed every moment. My room (renovated on on the 4th floor) was spacious, clean and well equipped. Service was great (even when I ran out of mineral water at 1AM) and the staff was very attentive, polite and eager to assist. They have a no-tips policy which is great. Breakfast is good with selection (a bit limited though) of Indian and Western food.I ate at both the Chutney and Sakora restaurants of the hotel. Chutney provides excelent Indian food in relaxing atmosphere. Sakora was good too though I was a bit dissapointed with what I got but this has to do of course with my own selection and expectations.I will definitely make the Metropolitan my home while in Delhi!I booked through Expedia and got great rate of ~200$ 9excl. taxes) for a standard room incl. breakfast	
Sep 3 2008 	Absolutely thrilled with Metropolitan	We had an opportunity of staying there twice, last month while touring North India.Lots of apprehension, while booking, as most of reviews were pretty negative. But, now we are wondering were we at the same Hotel, which we read about !!!Right from the start - Pick-up at the Airport - to the end, it was the most wonderful experience. Excellent service along with Indian art of hospitality.The Drivers were very professional and never honked . . . . someone metioned about Drivers expecting Tip. Interesting, as this is a &quot; No Tip &quot; hotel. The staff actually wear a Badge mentioning this.Space within the room was little tight . . . . but how can one complain when we had a roll-up bed for our son. The views of the Delhi skyline were just right with cloudy sky.Breakfast - Multi cuisines, reflecting the taste buds of their guests. Indian as well as Western dishes, changing every day.Business Lounge - Internet access and Happy Hour.Restuarant - Chutney. 200 chutneys to taste. Went through 18 of them in an evening. So we will be back for the remaining 182.Staff - Very professional. The personnel who managed Bell Desk were extraordinary. They did everything possible for our Baggage challenges.In summary, a wonderful experience enhanced by lovely attentive staff.	
Sep 2 2008 	Price too high poor services	I spent 3 nights in this hotel. The room was always too cold, every time I had a shower the bathroom was full of water, the sheets were torned. The edges of the pool were full of pigeons. When I did the check out I had to wait that my room was checked by an attendant (never happen to me). For these prices you can find something really better!!	
Aug 20 2008 	The best I've seen in India great staff and great location	Hotels in Delhi are overpriced and dirty. This hotel was still a bit expensive, but worth it. I've been to Delhi 5 times and this was my favorite by far. The staff was VERY friendly and not intrusive like most highly rated hotels in Delhi. The breakfast was large and well done. The hotel was clean and well maintained. The room was a bit small but very comfortable. The best part perhaps was the location, it was within walking distance of the Palika Bazaar and Connaught, which made getting food outside of the hotel the easiest I've seen. If you're looking for high end in Delhi, I highly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 17 2008 	Expensive but nice	The hotel itself was somewhat reminiiscent of the days of the Raj. The actual grounds was not not huge but was pleasant. The swimming pool was adequate. Like all Delhi hotels, the price was high. The buffet offered a good selection. All in all, it was not an unpleasnat stay but nor was it particularly memorable for its staff or service.	
Apr 3 2008 	Nice but expensive.	This was my first hotel of three during my stay in India. It was twice the price of the other two and the bed was the most uncomfortable. The hotel itself is quite elegant. I didn't have the chance to avail myself of the spa facilities, but the main restaurant was excellent.My room was small, clean, and well appointed. The staff was very friendly, but also had their hand out for tips more than anywhere else I stayed. If you are looking for something a bit more upscale and don't mind paying for it I think you'll be very happy here.	
Mar 27 2008 	Good value for Delhi	I stayed for 5 nights at the Metropolitan in New Delhi last week, and I was very satisfied.Firstly, I have to say that the rate was very good for Delhi. I paid just under 200 Euros (11500 rupees) per night, which is actually pretty reasonable for Delhi.The room was very comfortable - quite large, very clean and a separate bath and shower, which is always a nice bonus.I ate in the general restaurant and also in the Japanese restaurant, both have very good food and service. The bar is also very nice, if perhaps a little too &quot;trendy&quot;. I prefer the old bar.The pool area is very nice, although I didn't actually use the pool. The gym was great - full of brand new equipment with tv built into the eliptical cross trainers etc.Business center staff were very helpful, internet is very fast and not outrageously expensive (about 800 rupees per 24 hours).Location is very central, only 5 minute drive from Connaught Place, perhaps a 20 minute walk for the brave. All in all I was very happy with my stay and recommend the Metropolitan as a good business hotel.Just a final note. I have stayed in several Deli hotels over the last 4-5 years. Where I stay is always ultimately governed by the lowest rate available to me at a reasonable hotel. I have written other reviews about the Park and the Intercontinental The Grand, and have also stayed in the Sheraton, the Le Meridien and the Imperial. Overall, I would rate the Park and the Metropolitan at the bottom in terms of &quot;luxury&quot;, but they are also my first choice in Delhi since they both offer the best value for money in my opinion, since they are usually around 4000 - 5000 rupees cheaper per night than the others. If you get a better rate at the others, stay there, otherwise The Metropolitan and the Park are perfectly adequate.	
Mar 2 2008 	Good restaurant	Stayed here 1-2 days. Hotel room very nice with good bathroom. Restaurant is excellent. Shuttle to the Airport also very good although driver overeggs the hints on how he needs tips to survive (- I'd say he's getting several times his monthly salary on tips!).Restaurant gave me complimemnetary bottle of water when I wanted to buy one fro trip to airport, and I extended my use of the room after checkout until 6pm at no charge - which was nice.Only problem area was reception where they were difficult to communicate with - I think their english was transactional, so that if everything routine fine, if not they had no clue and best option was to give up. I got food poisoning after a meal on Indian railways just before arriving at hotel. Extension to stay was required so I rang my Insurance to arrange. They rang hotel to arrange doctor visit and to confirm that they would pay bil for extra stays. Then Insurance rang me back to say that reception needed me to talk to them directly. So I called down immediately whereupon Reception denied that they ofr any of their colleagues had ever been speking to anyone. When filling in customer feedback on leaving I mentioned this and manager came out to say that they had been contacted but there was a miscommuinication. When I asked about the insurance compamny paying any extra bills they did not know anything about this. Easiest thing was to pay myself and claim back . Reception had no clue and had huge difficulty doing anything beyond basic - I half expected that the reason I'd been asked to call down originally was that they couln't understand the phone call and wanted a second try.	
Feb 20 2008	Pretty nice but overpriced	I recently had a 3 night stay here and found the hotel rather nice. However, at $400 a night, it's definitely not a great value. The thing I found with India is that you either pay $40 and stay in a cesspit, or you plump for a hotel at upwards of $400 and get something nice but not nearly as outstanding as what you'd expect for the price. That aside, the staff (especially the the doormen) were so pleasant, welcoming and helpful. The hotel kind of had a faded imperial glory vibe to it, which gave it lots of charm and character. I found the beds way too hard, but the room was good overall and the breakfast buffet was enjoyable also. One problem (which I encountered a lot in Asia!) is that there was no ATM in the hotel. I would probably stay here again, just because of the warm and welcoming staff.	
Feb 18 2008 	Disappointed with the Metropolitan	I booked this hotel via a travel agent and pre-paid for a club room. I also pre-paid for transport to the hotel from the airport and back. The first problem was that the transport never arrived at the airport and when I called the hotel they informed me that they had not received details of my flight arrival. I found out later that this was not true. I have been to India a few times before which was fortunate as if this had been my first visit as a solo female traveller it would have been quite daunting to make my way to the hotel at 11pm on my own. When I arrived I was allocated a room that I discovered the following day was not a club room. I got onto the travel agent who contacted the hotel and were informed that I had definitely been allocated a club room. Again, not true. I was moved into a club room (right next to the lift, very noisy). Considering this was supposed to be 5 star luxury hotel it failed on several counts. I have stayed in several luxury 5 star hotels in India and this was well short of the mark. The air conditioning was freezing (even if turned up to 30C), the television had a terrible picture and none of the channels matched with the channel guide, the shower had a random spray and the hairdryer was broken. The staff were rude and unhelpful which was probably the worst thing. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone who wanted true 5 star luxury - stay at the ITC Sheraton, the Taj or the Oberoi. There is also now a nice looking Crowne Plaza in Gurgaon which is handy for the business district in New Delhi and near the airport. This hotel should reduce it's exorbitant prices and call itself a 4 star hotel, which is what it is.	
Dec 15 2007 	Very nice	I was able to get a good rate for this hotel via Expedia (at a big discount from the rack rate and the rate I was quoted by a travel agency), and it proved to be a very nice choice. The check-in process went quite smoothly and quickly. My room was spotlessly clean and very comfortable, and it overlooked the swimming pool. The staff was very courteous and efficient, and I enjoyed the breakfast in the cafe.There are a few things, though, that prevent me from giving this hotel an &quot;excellent&quot; rating. First, there was no room service menu in the room. Now this turned out not to be a huge issue for me as I decided to go out for my meals, but the menu should have been there. Second, when I checked out the hotel didn't have enough rupees to give me change. By the time I stayed at the Metropolitan I had encountered the change issue numerous times, but I expect an establishment of this caliber to absorb the 2 or 3 rupee difference rather than shortchange me. When I protested that they were cheating me, they did absorb the difference, but I don't think I should have had to argue the point.Third, and most seriously, during my stay there was construction work being done on the pool. This didn't bother me in and of itself as I had no plans to take a dip during my stay. However, the construction was going on as late as 11:30 at night. To the hotel's credit, when I called at 11:30 and complained, the noise stopped within 10 minutes. But again, this should not have been necessary. And besides that, they started up again before 8 the next morning.Overall, though, my stay was pleasant, and I would stay here again. One tip: Metropolitan is the new name of the hotel. It was formerly called the Nikko, and that is the name taxi and tuk-tuk drivers are familiar with.	
Dec 12 2007	Lack of Communication	We stayed at the Metropolitan Hotel New Delhi on two occasions in November 2007. The first was an overnight prior to flying to Kathmandu for a few days. I was part of a group of friends and altogether we had 7 rooms. My first night's room was fine and my only criticism was the incredibly long time it took to check in and check out. Others in our group asked to be moved that night due to a hotel wedding that was still going strong at 11PM but my room was quiet. Another reported problems with their room where the toilet flush button fell off the wall and where the &quot;closet&quot; in the bathroom was clearly under construction with only a primer coat of paint and looked awful. When we returned some four days later I got assigned that room! The walls were freshly painted and smelled. There was no art on the walls and the room was clearly in the process of a remodel but was being rented anyway. The closet was still incomplete and the toilet flush button fell off the wall the first time I pushed it. I attempted to use the room safe and found it on a bottom shelf of a cabinet freely movable, i.e. not hooked up to anything, not anchored and with no directions. I assumed it was not working and when I reported all of these problems someone came to the room and showed me how to use the safe--but not how to keep someone from simply carrying it out of the room. Someone fixed the toilet flush button that should have been fixed when reported by the earlier occupant. No one would explain why the closet was incomplete or why the room was being rented while in the process of a remodel. On checkout the process was again very lengthy. I reported having consumed one item from the snack bar two days prior to departure and they had me wait while someone went to the room to inventory the bar, something that should have been done the previous day. My biggest problem with the hotel was that despite their apparent desire to be helpful I had the impression that there was a cultural gap and they had no concept of why I was unhappy since they brushed aside each and every complaint as insignificant although they did eventually fix most problems.	
Nov 22 2007	Definitely not 5 star	Overpriced and not a 5 star hotel.Staff are friendly and helpful and that is all.Given a chance i will try other central hotels.	
Nov 8 2007 	great value	we arrived in delhi after a very long flight, and not knowing what to expect, having left the madness of the entry roads. what we found was a lovely hotel, with a great atmosphere, helpful staff(as all over india). nothing was any trouble. it had 3 seperate restaurants and a seperate bar (very trendy) -we tried all bar the japanese retaurant (price and time) were factors. we spent 3 nights here, and was unable to find a complaint.	
Oct 28 2007 	NOT 5 star hotel or service	Arrived quite late around 9.30 pm. We were booked for 3 persons for for 2 nights in a delux room. Room had twin beds only so they said they would have to put in an extra bed. Looked at the room and agreed it was too small for an extra bed and argued such. They said all rooms were same size and that the hotel was full, they had no where to move us too. In order to accommodate the extra bed, they had to take out the table and 2 chairs meaning we had nowhere to sit but on the beds. No room for luggage either, we each had 2 suitcases each which we had to put on the floor, so no room to move around the room without climbing over cases. They said that most people do not come with so much luggage!! I don't consider 1 large case and 1 flight bag each much luggage. The manager dealing with us was rude and unaccommodating, even walking off in mid sentance to speak to another customer leaving us frustrated. So as it was late we had to make do. No offer of anything complementary to make up for our dissapointment in the room or service even though we made our feelings quite clear.As it was late we ate in the buffet restaurant, food was lukewarm. They had the nerve to charge 450 rupees for service charge. This was a self service meal! Buffet breakfast however was good.Manager rude and staff unhelpfull. Would definitely not stay there again.	
Oct 9 2007	Just OK for the category	This is a five stars hotel, so it is quite normal that it is clean and comfortable. However, there is something cheerless in it - the hall has a strange smell and lighting does not favour it. Rooms are OK, but you might find just the same in a four stars hotel in Europe.	
Sep 25 2007 	Great Location - Shame about the View	The Nikko is one of Delhi's better centrally located hotels {I've stayed in most of them}. The only downside is the view - if you face the back onto the pool you have a green park infront but its dark and lacks sunlight. If you stay in a &quot;City Facing&quot; room it looks onto the Delhi's skyline - but you can't see much although rooms are a lot brighter.The Hotel is clean and the staff are atentive although it takes three of them to do one job. The Buffet breakfast and Lunch are very good and the Sakura Japanese restuarant is fab if you can afford it. The Zen Spa is excellent - the steam rooms are the best I have ever sat in and the gym is well equipped and air conditioned.The hotel is within walking distance of Gurudwara Bangla Sahib and a short drive from Birla Mandir and the shopping in Connaught Place/Janpath/Karol Bagh.If your looking for a five star deluxe where you can spend all day walking around the property (why) - the Nikko is not for you - but if your like most tourists/business travellers who eat breakfat and maybe dinner there and spend all day out - its a perfect well maintained oasis.Its known by Delhi-ites as the Japanese Hotel - with lower and harder beds but with good marbled bathrooms and seperate shower cubicles.This was my third stay at the Metropolitan Nikko and I will be coming back.	
Jul 18 2007 	Okay only	Stayed one night when I reached Delhi on 7th July 2007 and needless to say I don't like the hotel. It is quite old. The reception area has this strange odor that gave you a creepy feeling.Room: We had the deluxe and it was a standard room. Again, I can tell that this hotel needs renovation to fulfill it as a 5 star place.Breakfast: It has nice varieties, tried authentic Indian food for the first time, too hot for my taste.In all, for the price that you pay, better stay at Le Meridien, because this place needs a face lift.	
May 6 2007 	Good hotel for Delhi not the greatest location get a good rate	Good hotel part of the Nikko hotel chain. Great restaurants, Japanese and Indian. Excellent breakfast buffet...get it included in the rate.New spa and gym, up to date range of excercise machines.Wireless internet access expensive, around 25 USD for 24 hrs which run consecutively. Nice size pool, very hot and not too many pool chairs. Good business meeting facilities.Helpful friendly staffBeware if you prepay, you can't get a refund, or if you wish to leave early, no refund on rest of stay.Neighbourhood leaves something to be desired but walked there safely at midnight to Connaught place, although hotel said it might be dangerous..not recommended for sole walkers or women, take a taxi or rickshaw.Taxi can be arranged from airport, 33 USD prepay to hotel room, local taxis can be had for cheaper but it is nice to be met after your long international flight.	
Apr 5 2007	Weird Luxury	I stayed here for 3 nights while on a tour of India. I thought it was nice enough, with an excellent breakfast, but I would probably not recommend it to others. The hotel property itself is small and claustrophobic. The gym is nice, though. It is near Connaught Place, but in a strange neighborhood. Having seen what slums in India look like I would not say it is in a slum, but it is hard to walk out of the hotel without being surrounded by beggars. I stayed at another hotel - Le Meridien - at the end of my trip, and this was not the case. No one will hurt you or anything, but it is uncomfortable. It's worth it to spend a few more bucks and get a better location.	
Mar 27 2007 	Good but no atmosphere	This was a clean, comfortable 5 star hotel but it really lacked atmosphere - we were the only people in the restaurant at lunchtime, the pool side was empty and when we called into the bar in the evening it was brightly lit and the air conditioning was up way too high to make you want to relax and have a few drinks! We were originally going to stay at The Imperial but it didn't get great reviews. However we had dinner at The Imperial that night instead of The Nikko and we wished we'd stayed there instead - the bar was great - full of old world charm and the food in the Indian restaurant was really good (the Thai restaurant was fully booked). The Imperial seemed to be far more busy in general and had a much better atmosphere.	
Mar 27 2007 	Clean comfortable convenient hotel	Stayed at the Nikko for two nights in Feb 2007. This stay was the last leg of our India trip and we wanted a little bit of luxury after having stayed in cheap hotels/ with family. Check-in staff were extremely courteous and efficient. Rooms were of good size and the power shower was fantastic (we'd gotten used to the bucket and mug routine!!). Lots of TV channels for when we just wanted to veg out during our last day.Location-wise, couldn't more be more convenient. Only a 10-15 minutes walk to Cannaught Place. Being part of a Japanese chain, there was a Japanese restaurant in the hotel which was pretty good. The main restaurant menu was a little unimaginative though. Also, there were only two PC's in their Business Centre. I had to wait almost 2 hours to get a computer so that I could check-in online. But on the whole it was a very pleasant stay indeed and would choose this hotel again the next time I'm in Delhi.	
Mar 21 2007 	Calm introduction to India	We chose this hotel specifically because it is a Japanese business hotel, and we got what we expected. Our room was a good size, clean, nothing overly spectacular, but it was a gentle introduction to the madness of India (we had only got married 36 hours previously so didn't want anything too full on). We did find the service on reception at the travel desk a little slow, but this is India so it wasn't really surprising, although we found the staff in general to be friendly. Both restaurants were good, and we thought the location was good - not quite in the thick of it all, but pretty central. The Sikh temple down the road is brilliant, a real oasis of calm in a mad city.Other reviewers have said that the hotel itself and the restaurants are expensive, but business hotels are expensive - ok, so you don't get a true taste of India at the Hotel Nikko but it doesn't pretend to be either a cheap or 'authentic' option. And as for overlooking slums (which I think is a little extreme anyway) - India is an extremely poor country so not really a surprise, is it?	
Feb 19 2007	Very Pleasant Stay	I was not sure what to expect when I booked this hotel because of the mixed reviews on Tripadvisor. The hotel photographs of the exterior on their website were not particularly impressive either.I was pleased to find the hotel to be a good quality four to five star standard. The room was very comfortable and spotless with a very nice bathroom. The beds were a little firm for my taste. The food was first class. My wife did not like the dish she selected in Tuskar bar and the manager changed it immediately without any fuss.Service in the restaurant and from the concierge was above average. Location is central with a short taxi ride to Connaught Place. We enjoyed the Japanese singing group in Tuskar bar also.The only downside was the view from the back of the hotel which is of a poor residential area. I would recommend this hotel.	
Feb 15 2007 	Nice hotel but not a 5 star	We stayed in different cities of India during 15 days and all the hotels where we stayed were 4/5 star hotels.Our flight was delayed 4 hours and reached the hotel at 10 in the night, since we had paid our room in advance we had absolutely no problem at all. It's a good 30 minutes drive from the airport to the hotel.The Lobby was very clean and looked very nice and new. From the lobby you could see the pool, the bar and the Sakura japanese restaurant.The room was a bit small and the bed was more a japanese style (extremely hard for my back). The bathroom was very small. My wife could only come in the bathroom while I was in the shower, if not there was no space for both of us. On the whole, the room was clean.I have no doubt the Sakura restaurant is one of the best Japanese restaurants in India, but it is also very very expensive.Service at the hotel was very kind and helpful, but be aware if you plan to rent a car to go around the city. We got the same car and service outside the hotel at a travel agency for 1/3 of the price.Location of the hotel is excellent, very near Connaught Place. But it's not walking distance! You can take a Riksha from outside the hotel and will charge you 10 Rs.On the whole it's a nice hotel, but not worth the value and of course not a 5 star.	
Jan 3 2007	Great start to India	We chose the Nikko from a short list of 4-5star hotels from thetripadvisor site and spent our first three days in Delhi at the Nikko before joining a group tour.From the minute we were saluted by the regal doormen everything was perfect.The room was furnished in traditional style and was very cleanand comfortable,the service was attentive and timely.The meals were good with the waiters very friendly,the buffets were excellent especially the Saturday night seafood feast.The foyer was stunning and the elephant backdrop in the main bar was beautiful.In retrospect the Nikko was the best hotel we experienced during our 15 day stay in India which included luxury palaces and forts.We were told that the in-house restaurants particularily the Japanese were expensive but the main dining room was very good value.Would definately recommend this hotel.	
Dec 15 2006 	Lobby looks nice- but that is all	We booked a few weeks in advance-standard room at 175/night-US dollars.This seems high but there are not too many high end names to chose from. Our room was horrible- smelled like cats lived in it-carpet was worn- beds were really low to the ground and worn also. Lighting was really low-probably because they don't want you to see how rundown it is in the rooms. We arrived late and were only there for the night so decided to buck up and not complain. Maybe we had a really outdated room- but if that is the case that is not nice on the hotels part- the hotel was not full. Lobby was nice- but that is all I can say.	
Dec 9 2006 	Greatly disappointed	I was greatly disappointed in this so-called 5* deluxe hotel. I shopped high and low on the internet for about 5 months prior to booking. At that time, the reviews on the NIkko were superb, and being a huge family reunion from all corners of the world (NY, UK &amp; Papua New Guinea), it was going to be something special. Or so I thought!The hotel itself is nowhere a 5*. Yes, it is clean and has 'crisp' interiors, but the rooms were disappointing with stains on the carpets and some of the tiling grout coming off in the bathrooms. The door keys were another issue altogether! I had to go down to reception 5 times because my door key didnt work and they had to reprogramme it. The restaurants were averade except for Sakura which i give 9/10. The patio served some sorry excuse for sandwiches. Quite poor really, considering this is supposed to be a 5* deluxe hotel.The door staff were courteous and friendly. I cannot fault them. The reception staff however, were another issue. They did not seem to go out of their way to make the stay memorable. Instead we got many blank looks when we asked for any help/advice regarding the shops/city. I have travelled a lot and for the money that we paid for a 5 night stay (£680!!!), I was so so disappointed. On our last day, we went to the airport at the crack of dawn, pnly to find out our flight was cancelled and the airport staff told us that they had left a message with the person at the Nikko reception. You got it! They didnt bother to let us know. This I thought was disgraceful, and highlighted the total lack of hospitality. For a Japanese chain of hotel, this experience left me cold.	
Dec 2 2006	Overpriced but otherwise fine	My wife and I spent a total of 4 nights here in November 2006 as part of our Golden Triangle tour. The hotel is modern, clean and comfortable. Our room was very nice. However, this hotel is overpriced. Two years ago, we stayed at the Meridien which (at that time, we haven't been there since) was very nice with a much nicer location, i.e. not surrounded by slum conditions. The Japanese restaurant boasted rave reviews. The food was good, but the atmosphere was so-so, made worse by the fact that smoking is allowed.We enjoyed the buffet restaurant at breakfast. The selection was good and the food tasty. We had the supper buffet and it was excellent. We especially enjoyed the range of salads and the cheese plate. The desserts were excellent.The business centre charges 300 rupees for 30 minutes of internet use (about $10 Canadian)- what!!?? The look on my face when the clerk told me that prompted some sympathy and she gave me 10 minutes free just to check my email. Find an internet cafe in Connaught Place.The staff at the travel desk were not helpful. We wanted to go to a shopping mall. After considerable discussion about what a shopping mall was (remember, this hotel caters to lots of western tourists so we couldn't be the first ones to request this), the clerk recommended &quot;a mall&quot; 20 minutes away and offered to arrange a car for us. The hotel car would cost 2,500 rupees for one hour. Yes, that's two thousand, five hundred rupees. We said we would get a taxi and he gave a little performance about how that might not be safe, etc. We took the taxi and it cost only 300 rupees round trip. However, when we arrived at the &quot;mall&quot;, it was just a department store with 3 floors and nothing to recommend it. Not impressed.The health club/fitness room was not available due to renovations. I read a review from August that indicated the same thing. This must be one heck of a renovation they're doing to last for 5 months.There was one fellow from the housekeeping staff who was a real nuisance. He was very friendly but was obviously angling for a tip. Whenever he would see us returning to our room, he would knock on the door &quot;to see if everything was alright&quot;. This seemed like attentive service for the first few times, but then it became annoying. He would offer us &quot;evening turndown service&quot; at 3 in the afternoon. This is a clean, comfortable hotel located close to Connaught Circle. However, it is overpriced for what it offers and the location is not attractive. I would definitely look elsewhere if I visit again.	
Nov 27 2006 	Expensive and not worth the money	The room and hotel were both nice, clean and well equipped.Staff were not particularly friendly.After being told breakfast was being served until 10:30am (I think) staff refused to serve us the breakfast buffet at 10:15. We were just told this had finished.Location is poor in my opinion. Its not within walking distance to anything. Taxis are cheap in Delhi but if you're going to get taxis/rickshaws (most of whom had not heard of this hotel) then why pay for a central location which is what this hotel partly sells itself on.Worst complain...our room at the back of the hotel overlooked the pool area which was used for functions on both nights of our weekend stay. This was very noisy and particularly irrating to us, who with jet lag, also had a 7am train to catch.I would stay here again but only if someone else were paying the bill. This hotel is comfortable but has no features that justify the price tag.	
Nov 26 2006 	Just OK...Service wasn't very impressive	This hotel had a good clean room...and sitting on the comfortable bed, I couldn't really tell if I was in India or New York without either watching the TV or looking out the window. My room (King Bed) was 18.5K Rupees (or $400+/night) which I just didn't think it was worth the expense. Internet access was over $22/night. Still, all of the other five-star hotels were booked and they generally had a similar cost so obviously they are doing something right. I also stayed at the Hotel Sri Nanak Continental which was $100/night without all of the extravagance and would probably do that again if I could do it all over again. Still, this is a good business class hotel that caters towards westerners who have an expense account...and they fit this need pretty well.My only issues were around the service in the hotel dining room and at their snack/coffee bar...it just wasn't very good, which surprised me given the cost and prior reviews. I coulnd't figure out why...as just paying attention to your table/customers is pretty basic. You softof feel like just a number, versus a guest of the hotel. The Bell staff, front desk were all helpful and competent.Room service was excellent...nothing like some spaghetti bolognese when you miss western food.	
Nov 7 2006 	Be Careful of Rip Offs	We stayed at this Hotel twice on our 'Golden' Triangle trip, at the beginning and also at the end of the tour and after the first stay had wished we didnt have to stay again on the way back. Nearing the end of October 2006 we stayed here.Even though nothing was majorly wrong with this hotel little things happened to make us not enjoy our stay. Our group of four people had two rooms one as a double the other as twin room, the first stay was fine we had the standard (or so we thought) deposit of 10,000 rupees. We arrived late so headed to the bar for some drinks, we ordered four drinks one of which was a coffee and they charged us over 3000 rupees as we were tired and disorientated we did not say anything, but looking back at this we know we were ripped off by the bar staff because we didnt receive a drinks menu to know the cost of each drink, and also they never printed us a receipt they just verbally told us how much the drinks came to. We were at fault here not to question this but my advice to anyone is to make sure they print a receipt for you or at least ask for a drinks menu so you know how much each drink is. As when we stayed the second time i did get a drinks menu and receipt so seems that the staff were trying to rip us off previously!Our second visit when we arrived we were charged 20,000 rupees this time for deposit which obviously is refunded back to you but we found it bizarre that we had only stayed 5 days previously and our deposit had been doubled. The twin room was ready but we were told this was the double room went all the way upstairs with the bell boy to then realise it was for the other people in our party, we then had to wait over 40 mins for the double room to be ready, which we were just told to wait in reception. The double room this time we were shown was absolutely freezing inside from the air con, it was that cold you could see your breath, we complained that when you leave your room the air con comes on automatically and is set at a certain temp which you cannot adjust unfortunately for that room it was on freezing!! We asked if we could just simply have the air con turned off when we were not in the room this seemed to cause a big problem and scratching of heads. Im positive we cant have been the only people ever to ask this but it took 5 times of asking then demanding to speak to manager before eventually they turned off our air con altogether so we had none but this was a damn sight better than not being able to sleep because your soo cold.The carpets in both rooms were dirty. We did not try the japenese resturant but we did have breakfast on both occasions and we could not fault it.If we were ever to return to Delhi I would not stay at this hotel again as too expensive for the service you receive and staff were not very friendly or courteous and also will try to make a quick buck out of you!	
Nov 3 2006 	OK... but not worth the price.	Spent a week at the Nikko Metropolitan Delhi in October. While I would not be as harsh in my overall rating, I definitely agree with the previous review. The hotel is nice enough but really nothing special. However, where I felt the staff could have made up for the neutral surroundings they only added to my disappointment. I too found the staff to be, at best aloof, at worst rude. Upon checking in, no one offered to tell me anything about the hotel or show me around. On my fifth day, my room key card did not work. On going to the desk I was told that my room charges had exceeded the authorization they took when I checked in so my room was locked until they could take another authorization. On checking out no one even bothered to ask if I enjoyed my stay. My $330.00 a night room did indeed look out on what can best be described as a slum. The room itself was small-ish, the bathroom was quite nice, the mattress was Japanese style (which means HARD). The pool was nice but most of the time there was no attendant and I had to practically track someone down every time I wanted to order a drink or some food. Overall, my experience was neutral. I know that there is a shortage of good hotels in Delhi and they are priced accordingly however, I couldn't help but feel that I could have stayed someplace with warmer and more inviting atmosphere for the price. I don't think I would select to stay at the Nikko Metropolitan again.	
Oct 30 2006	Too expensive and unfriendly	We were greeted in the nikko by very unfriendly, arrogant staff. Our room looked out on a place that is used by the people as an &quot;open air&quot; toilet. The rooms are too expensive for what they are. After our trip we wanted to come back to this hotel but had to reschedule our return flight and therefore had to cancel two of four nights we intended to stay. Following this the hotel doubled its room rates. So we annulled our booking and went to another place.	
Oct 25 2006 	overpriced	We have stayed in Delhi for two days in the Metropolitan nikko hotel, after having spent several days in Agra. It was our first trip to India. I do not know how it compares to other hotels in Delhi, but this hotel is way overpriced: the rate was 300 $ a night for a very small room (when compared to the sheraton in Agra), the wood furniture was old and smelled as such, carpet smelled of dust. The staff was very nice, attentive and curteous and the lobby was a 5 star lobby. Did not try the restaurant, but the breakfast was excellent too. Delhi and India in general is a tricky country to visit since the hotel is quite luxurious but when you come out of it, it is quite a different story (including the neighboourhood around the Metropolitan). The only area in Delhi that looked clean and without people sleeping on the street was the Diplomatic quarters. Did not see the hotels there though. A little far from the center also, but taxis are cheap.	
Oct 24 2006 	Great Stay	The Nikko was our first hotel on our Golden Triangle trip. This hotel provided excellant service, food and accomodation.	
Aug 29 2006	Great hotel in the heart of the city	This hotel is clean, comfortable and convenient to the airport. The staff was courteous and took time to make sure we had what we needed. I would stay there again if we returned to Delhi.	
Aug 10 2006 	The Personnel At This Hotel Were a Pain in the B***	Where to begin. Everytime that I order room service, I am asked if I will pay cash. No, I reply, I will bill it to the room. Everytime that I use the services in the business center, the girls there ask me if I will pay cash. No, I reply, I will bill it to the room. I talked to the travel desk on the first floor, to see if I could depart from Delhi a few days early. The answer was no, all flights were booked. I was accosted, (seriously), by a gentleman from the registration desk, asking me when I was checking out. I looked at him, and then I told him that when I was ready to check out, that I would so inform him. I had reserved my room for over a week, but he seemed in a panic that I might check out early. It got worse. When I got to my room, I found that my room key no longer worked. I had to go to the front desk, tell them, and wait for then to reprogram the key card. I called guest services with a simple request for a roll of tape. It took hours, and multiple follow up calls, for this to happen. I just remembered that I called and asked for a pair of AAA batteries. They never came. When I set the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign on the door, the housekeeping boy insisted on ringing the bell at 10AM to enquire when I would like him to clean the room. I informed him that I would call for housekeeping when I needed it. This happened for three days in a row, until I got angry and admonished him, telling him that if the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; light was activated, that he should truly not disturb me. It happened again, anyway, the afternoon of the fourth day of my stay. A girl from the front desk came up with a security guard. Apparently they thought that I was dead, or using drugs, or something. I was in the shower, and they actually opened my door. Unbelievable. In case you are wondering, I am traveling on a corporate credit card, I wear business suits, I am well-groomed, and very presentable. The service in this hotel is bizarre. I will never return here. The restaurants are hit-or-miss. They make excellent soups. The beef in the Japanese restaurant is superb. The buffet in Patio, their ground floor cafe, blows. The sandwiches laid out there are soggy and sad. Great desserts, but sickening coffee. They will bring you cream for your coffee, however. You just have to clarify it no fewer than three times to the waiter. Laundry service is good. Room service likes to bring you a miniature bottle of Evian rather than a large bottle of Himalayan mineral water, apparently because they can charge extortionate prices for it. And since we are talking about water, the waiters have a strange habit of showing you a bottle of water like it is a bottle of fine wine, asking if it meets your approval. I just look at them and tell them that I would like water. Bottled water. Whatever they have is fine. At $182 a night, I will not be returning. Especially after I went to dinner at the Hotel Shangrila. I will be staying there for my next trips to Delhi. The Metropolitan Hotel is a step up from the Crowne Plaza, but it dearly needs help. This is the second ostensibly &quot;five star&quot; hotel in New Delhi that was comparable to a Holiday Inn in the USA. Oh, yeah. One more thing: the health club is closed. They are refurbishing it. So, there is no gym here. Avoid unless you like to be harassed by the employees, who mostly mean well, but just do not get it.	
Jul 13 2006	Welcoming hotel nikko	The service at the hotel is great. the food is good. the Wi-fi hotel helped me stay in touch with my business. The sakura deserves a special mention.	
Jul 11 2006	Splendid hotel	It Was great staying at the hotel. Came for my business trip to delhi. It was my first stay at the hotel. I personally liked chutney restaurants and must say staff was really warm. The hotel is very close to the business districts of delhi and it prevented me from traffic hassles of new delhi	
Jul 7 2006	Service is depressingly tip-oriented		
Jul 4 2006	Nikko good value		
Jun 26 2006	Central location and luxurious rooms		
Jan 11 2006	The Nikko - Just Nice Enough		
Dec 19 2005	An Oasis in Delhi		
Nov 6 2005	Excellent Nikko		
Oct 17 2005 	Not a Five Star Hotel		
Sep 16 2005	Luxury amidst the chaos!		
Nov 22 2009 	?????????		
Nov 22 2009 	??????????????????????????????		
Nov 19 2009 	vecchio stile ma curato		
Nov 2 2009 	????????		
Jan 8 2009 	????????????		
Jan 3 2009 	Bon hôtel pour le prix		
Nov 10 2008 	Hotel classe internationale		
Sep 2 2008 	Nettes Hotel zu leistbarem Preis		
Apr 30 2008 	Bonito pero con impuestos inesperados		
Apr 29 2008 	Non un 5 stelle		
Oct 30 2007 	Mieux que prévu......		
