Nov 20 2009 	Best beds in India	I am not a fan of Delhi, in fact the Hyatt is the best thing there. Wonderful comfortable beds, great bathroom amenities (the lavendar bubble bath is lovely). Great service, fast internet, reasonable location for the airport. Delhi can be very smelly, and quite dirty, the Hyatt is a welcome respite from it. There is a pool but I've never gone out to it, the air is to vile! Great spa and fairly priced, excellent jet lag massage	
Nov 19 2009 	Very good 5-star hotel	I stayed in this Hyatt in new Delhi for 4 days. I arrived early in the morning (7.00 am) and the staff immediately arranged me in my room without any additional charge. My room was in the 8th floor, big enough, with fine decoration, flat screen TV, coffee maker, mini bar etc. The bathroom, however, was small, with old fashion furniture, in need of renovation. Nevertheless, my stay was fine and relaxing. The lobby area was really impressive! The hotel has several restaurants (international, chinese, east Asian, Indian) as well as a beautiful bar with live music in the evenings. Breakfast was very good, with a lot of items, and with live cooking stations. I had a dinner in the East Asian restaurant: very very good, althought pricey. Also, I had a dinner in the &quot;Aangan&quot; Indian restaurant, located in the lobby floor: the quality of food was excellent, the service too, and the live indian band playing traditional indian music was fantastic. Finally, there was a gym and fitness center with sauna, jaccuzzi, outdoor swimming pool etc, all of high quality and beauty. All the staff in every department of the hotel was extremely helpful and polite, always with a smile. All in all, a memorable, luxury and relaxing stay!	
Oct 8 2009 	Very nice but not the best	We stayed two nights here and I would first commend the service at this hotel. The staff were alert, attentive and courteous at all hours day and night, even if my appearance was a bit disheveled after the 15hr flight from Chicago! I dined at the Cafe and the Italian restaurant, and the quality of food was very good at both - the cafe in particular had a wonderful selection of breakfast items and an open kitchen where you could see the chefs at work or make special requests. I stayed in a standard king room, which was quite small - a mirror lined one full wall to create an illusion of space. The bed was fairly comfortable but not impressively so. There were fine complimentary chocolate truffles by the bar and a large LCD TV on the wall across from the bed. The bathroom was also nice with lavender scented amenities, which were ok. I was a little annoyed that the bathrobe had not been washed from the previous guest, but there was a spare in the closet. Overall, this was a fine 5 star hotel but I have stayed at other 5 star hotels in India that were about the same price but which felt a lot more luxurious than this one.	
Sep 27 2009 	Business Hotel	We travelled to this hotel with Cox and Kings as part of a package, this was the first hotel we stayed in, the hotel is what I would call a business class hotel, it offers a high level of service, but at a price! The room was nothing special, it did smell a bit musty, large television and decent channels, we ate in the Aangan resturant each night and the service and food was excellent, although very costly. As an indication when we did visit the bar (Polo Lounge) 650ml of Stella cost 800 rps. Overall we liked the hotel, but compared to others on the trip it was extremely expensive.	
Sep 25 2009 	Good Bssiness Hotel	Great place to stay. I was only there for one night before while retrning from US to Banglore, but it's a beautiful place. The lobby is huge, three restaurants, a bar, a mini-golf course in the back, nice pool, very safe, rooms were huge and very comfortable, staff was very friendly.	
Sep 23 2009 	Excellent Service.	I stayed in the executive floor for over two weeks, and can say that I had a great stay.The lounge staff are very friendly and efficient. The airport transfers were very smooth. As someone stated the hotel looks drab from the outside, and there isn't much to see or do within walking distance.The rooms aren't the biggest. The water pressure from the shower was poor. My biggest complaint would have to be the internet. It was painfully slow, and the connection would drop far too much.	
Sep 19 2009 	Quality hotel with very friendly staff	This hotel looks a bit gloomy from the outside, but I found both my room and the facilities to be top notch. The Hyatt website allows you to book all kinds of things through it, ranging from airport transportation, spa treatments to a restaurant table. I found this a very handy feature.I had booked a King Executive room, which included airport transportation. It was efficient enough, but in my experience the pickup by other hotels is a bit friendlier, offering you cold water and even a cold towel. Check in at executive level very efficient and friendly, and generally the staff couldn't do enough to accommodate you. I had an early flight the next day, but they arranged breakfast to be set out for me in the Club even though breakfast would open not for another hour. Restaurants: I can really recommend the China Kitchen, it's an experience with friendly staff and in a lovely setting.	
Sep 14 2009 	Serious comfort"	Beautiful lux rooms to wash away the hectic Delhi circus~The buffet breakfast is one of the best I have had.I am confused as to why other travelers say it is not up to Hyatt standards, I just returned from a lovely stay at the Hyatt in San Francisco, and while perfectly adequate, the Hyatt in New Delhi is light years better...Stay there.	
Aug 29 2009 	Absolutely unacceptable	Was on a 2 week trip to India and wanted to finish my vacation in a nice hotel. Therefore stayed here for 2 nights in late August 2009. I found this hotel to be absolutely unacceptable for this price. It looked as if it is not Hyatt Regency. The carpets in the corridors and the furniture in the rooms were completely outworn. The check-in process was not good. We were a group of 3 people. One of us got a room with 2 twin beds and two of us - a room with one king bed, contrary to what was booked. In one of the rooms, water was flowing from the walls. So trust me - do not stay at Hyatt in Delhi, because it's truly not a Hyatt. Better chose Leela Kempinski at which I also stayed and which (although not ideal) offers much more for the same price. Hyatt in Delhi is some sort of Soviet type of hotel.	
Aug 17 2009 	over priced	I have booked through Jet airways website under the Hotel booking section as it was offering competitive rather cheap rates in the club floor. Check inn was at the club level special desk and it was smooth. The club lounge is basic and simple and attendants are always attentive and overly curious. The breakfast at the club lounge was very basic English breakfast. Rooms are clean and soft bed with wider option of pillows.The best part of the hotel is its restaurants and room dining. Variety of options and the Italian one is a must try. Over all good experience	
Aug 9 2009 	Terrible Hotel Avoid at any cost while you are in Delhi	Probably the worst stay ever in any hotel in India, I arrived after a long flight from London in the afternoon and after the massage went stright to a meeting and when returned in the evening called the Reception to advice the Air conditioning is not working. The technician came and checked and advised there is nothing wrong with it, it will be cool soon. the whole night the temp didnt go below 25degrees centrigrade. As this wasnt enough, although I had put a Privacy sign outside, the Housekeeping kept knocking the door at 9am asking it to be cleaned.Again I called the A/C guy to fix the air conditioning before going out in the afternoon&gt; having being told its been fixed I foolisly accepted, the room was hot once again for the whole night againand hence no sleep for two days, I only go to the hotels to rest and have a good night sleep, both night with temp over 25 degrees in the room I couldnt sleepOn Saturday I had dinner at the china place, the food was good but the champagne i ordered was flat, Restaurant mananger duly changed the bottle which turned to be flat again. He offered another one and by that time my patience was running out suprise surprise it was flat too, I just signed the bill and left leaving most of the champange in the bottle. Did I get offered apology or written off the charge, no way. its not the staff fault, I guess its my fault accepting to stay at your hotel for the first timeOn check out when asked how was the stay and when I explained an apology was duly given but apology doesnt give back the sleep which i didnt have for two days and fix the temp in the room and remove the frustration of the dinner without a decent glass of champagne which I was going to enjoy with my wife. The receptionist suggested to take off the spa charges as compensation which i refused as there was nothing wrong with the spa what was wrong is the charges for the room for two night and the bottle of champagne which should have never been charged as Hotel failed to provide the room at decent temp to sleep and still charged for the champagne which was flatThe receptionist promised to speak to the Rooms division Manager and the GM and lets see if they respond. I have been in the hotel business for the last 38 years and this stay in so called 5 star hotel takes the biscuit.Probably the worst hotel stay I ever had in India which prides itself with good hotels and great service which this hotel failed and should never be a HYATT as it doesnt deserve to me more than a 3 star hotelAshok UmmatCEO Brook Hotels Ltd	
Aug 4 2009 	Owesome services	The services of Hotel is supreme, one of the best in Delhi for sure.Interiors, exteriors, all are royal with luxurious comfort.	
Jul 23 2009 	Absolutely Loved it	My two daughters and I stayed on night at the Hyatt. The staff was very helpful, proffesional and courteous. Ambience and decor was perfect. Our rooms were clean, large, beds and pillows were very comfortable. Has a gym and pool for use. Morning breakfast which is included in the price, was out of the world. Indian, Continental, Asian, fresh fruits and juices and salads all comprised of this breakfast/brunch. Servers were very welcoming.	
Jun 11 2009 	Very FriendlyCool 	Very Friendly,Cool &amp; Calm.A great atmosphare for business review with pure mental &amp; personal satisfaction at the end of the day..Foods &amp; Room were excellent.	
Jun 10 2009 	I was stayed on 18th of Aprli 	was stayed on 18th of Aprli &amp; it was a great experience to be there.	
Jun 7 2009 	Was disappointed - might try the Meridien in Delhi next time!	After a wonderful stay at the Le Meridien in Mumbai - I was expecting the same or more at the Hyatt in Delhi....it wasn't to be.....I was shown to my room to check in - but upon arrival I smelt a &quot;funny smell&quot; - which I relayed to the check-in lady - she said she'd send house keeping to freshen up the room. The actual room itself was spacious and newly decorated....however after checking in - I noticed an ash tray...which explained the smell - I called receiption striaght away - as I'm a non smoker - I asked to change rooms - as the smell would not just disappear!! As I had to rush out to dinner - they moved my bags and room for me - so upon my return - I was in a new room - with a view of the pool.....but the room was older - and as not as plush as the first one - was very disappointed - but couldn't be bothered to move again!!The breakfast in the morning was not as good as the Meridien - I struggled to find anything I wanted to eat and settled for pancakes instead.The lobby area isn't very comfortable - and nobody attends to you - I didn't really enjoy this hotel as it wasn't as &quot;cozy&quot; as the meridien and as a solo traveller - this was what I needed.The business room was ridiculous - it was more like an &quot;interview&quot; room - and they wanted 1,000 rupees for an hour - to sit at what looked like somebody's desk???I won't be coming back - I'd rather try another Meridien!!	
Jun 4 2009 	Loved the Food	We Visited there for Dinner &amp; Stayed in one room for one Room also.......It was Excellent stay for our Friends &amp; Management is too Co-operative &amp; Cleanliness in Hotel is No. 1....	
Jun 4 2009 	Good One	Good Hotel, Value for Money	
Jun 3 2009	Wonderful service	Excellent service	
Jun 2 2009 	Just the right one	This hotel is value for money and is a perfect location if you have business meetings in the centre of New Delhi. The restaurants in the hotel are excellent and specially the Italian restaurant is outstanding.	
May 29 2009 	romance	best hotel i have ever been to, nice staff and nice service, everything was perfect with very helping staff. quality of food was also very good, such a delicious food i haven't eaten in my whole life. i liked the service most.	
May 28 2009 	Great for Business Awesome Food	The Huge facade is one of the most recognizable structures of Delhi and located in one of the busy business districts. Palatial lobby and extremely efficeint service. Standard Rooms though feel a bit cramped for space. Multiple choice of good restaurents. Tried out the China Kitchen .Food and ambience were excellent.	
May 20 2009 	Well located property	Very well located business hotel. central and not far from the business districts and the airport. good service. the italian restaurant was exceptional.	
May 4 2009 	Excellent Service	I had booked a standard room for a day when I travelled to Delhi for a meeting.pros:1.Room was kept ready and the check-in time didnt take more than 5 minutes.2.Room was very clean and upto 5 star stds.3.Quite a selection of cuisines to offer both through room service as well as restaurants.4.The included breakfast was excellent.cons:1.Nothing much, The room temperature was too warm requested for correction about it and didnt bother to follow up as was tired after a long flight.2.Cost.3.No airport pick and drop service was provided	
May 4 2009 	Loved it!!!!	The hotel is in the real sense a complete hotel. It has everything that a buisness traveller needs. The Comfort level was too good and the staff were friendly enough to give you an unforgetable experience.	
May 3 2009 	Nice stay	I stayed here for a day for a business trip. As i expected rooms were luxurious with beautiful pool view. hotel provides excellent food. Hotel staff was very courteous and friendly.	
Apr 29 2009 	Surprising Renovation	Went to stay for 1 night for my Business purpose. It is a luxurious property, and I was looking for some Luxurious treatment, to unwind after my gruelling Meetings. However, I was dissapointed in some rspect. Firtsly, There was NO Bathtub in the room!!!!!! On top of that, there was no cover for the Shower area, which left the whole bathroom wet. In the spa, I tried to book a female massuer for the next day afternoon, and she was booked for the whole day till lare evening!!!!!! Surprising.I did complain for the above at the time of C/o, but no one got back to me.Even then, I do lik the overall experience, most of all excellent Staff Quality.	
Apr 27 2009 	Not a good 4 Star hotel	When compared to the other Hyatt Regency in India, this ranks the worst. The room is smaller than the otherRegencies . This is my second stay in 8 days. My club room has a toilet that flushes badly. I pity the cleaner when he goes around doing his work later today. I am going to stay in Le Meridien next week.	
Apr 26 2009 	Outstanding wish more hotels were like this one	We took our children to India so that they know their heritage. Booked three rooms at Hyatt and from the time we arrived in lobby we were treated well beyond expectation. Rooms though smaller but beautiful and luxurious. THe restaurants service was excellent and food was made to order for kids and for us.. I will go there again when I get a chance. Front office , checkin and regency clun staff is wonderful.	
Apr 23 2009 	for people with higher budget	excellent five star hotel with notable ambience. overpriced, food good but highly overpriced. breakfast thopugh overpriced but worth that much	
Apr 21 2009 	Great Staff at Nice Hotel	This was the only five star hotel that my husband and I stayed at while traveling around India. We stayed for two nights over a weekend in April. This hotel is spotless. Everything is extemely clean and spotless throughout the hotel. What I enjoyed most about the hotel was the breakfast. Breakfast was included with our room. It was a large buffet that had Indian, and Continental food. The servers were also very attentative and there was never a wait for seat. The dining area itself is large and open aired. I would recommend getting breakfast included. As for other hotel amenities there was a nice clean pool. We sat by the pool but the water was to cool for us to go in, but it was evening time. You can order drinks and lunch while lounging which is nice. There are several restaurants to chose from but we did not eat at any of them because we were always out in the city during the lunch and dinner. The hotel room itself was nice and modern. The room was an adequate size for India. The furnishing and flat screen TV seemed somewhat new. We did not have a view but we were not expecting a view knowing the location of the hotel. The room was nice and quiet. We never heard anyone in the next door rooms or hallway. In the mornings you could here a little honking but nothing compared to the louness of hotels we stayed at. The only thing that we did not like about the room was the bathroom. It was a good size but sort of ugly. It was clean but was a green marble color. This just is not our style and it really did not match with the rest of the room. The shower had hot water but the shower head itself sucked. It was small and the pressuse was not consistent out of it. The staff are very helpful and really seem like they care. We asked a lot of questions cause this was our first stop and first time in India. The concerige, front desk, and hall attendants were all the best that you would find.Overall we do recommend this hotel. It is clean and friendly, and has cozy modern rooms. I would say there are no major surprises with the hotel which is a statement that could be good or bad.	
Apr 21 2009 	Needs a makeover!	The property location is great and so is the staff and hospitality.The Business Centre was good and services availalbe on time. The check-in was great since I was on the club floor... and did not take more than a few minutes.The morning breakfast spread was strictly okay at the business lounge... may be with the selection of news papers and magazines, a few more stuff to eat may be great.Only thing to improves is the hotel decor .... it surely needs a makeover!	
Apr 20 2009 	GReat Room	It was a very pleasant stay at Hyatt during my cousin's wedding in January 2007. Hotel treated us very cordially.	
Apr 17 2009 	Excellent place great hospitality absolutely clean and IS WORLD CLASS	Hyatt, Delhi is a great property. I love staying here. I had stayed in their property at S'pore and Mumbai as well. The rooms are excellent, coffee shop where the B'fast is served in one of the best, Staff are very cordial, they have great membership programme as well.Overall it is a world class property and a great place to stay.	
Apr 16 2009 	Good food at the indian restaurant	Well hyatt is one of the most expensive and this trip thus wasnt really value for money. The hotel however has a good indian restaurant and when you are travelling to India after quite some time, you are happy with that. The rooms are ofcourse good and that helps in getting up every day morning afresh	
Feb 26 2009 	beautiful hotel	My husband and I stayed at this beautiful hotel our first night in India! It was a lovely hotel, and was closer to the airport than the downtown hotels. Would highly recommend it.	
Feb 20 2009 	Good Stay and Great Food	Good modern and comfortable room . Great Bed , The Large LCD TV's are smartly placed . 100% recommended.	
Jan 11 2009 	Lousy Service	It started out well with my airport pickup. Then when reached hotel took over 30 mins to check in as my room was not yet ready, granted it was booked a month ahead.Wifi service goes on and off while you are being charged. Had to change over to broadband with the help of the staff.Room service - I ordered food at 10:30pm, I was told it will be served in 20 mins, it's now 12:24 am and still no food !!I was booked here for two more days, well i've just cancelled my stay here and moving myself to another hotel in delhi. I would definitely not recommend this joint to anyone.	
Dec 29 2008 	Shocking experience!	I called an hour before reaching the hotel. The central reservation desk was friendly and informed us of the various rooms and told us they had avalibility. Since a lot of rooms were avaliable we decided to book once we got to the hotel. We asked for a room at the front desk and were shocked to hear that rooms were not avaliable. We informed the front desk about the conversation we just had with the central booking office an hour ago. She asked us to call them since she had no rooms. We easily got a room by talking to the cental booking office. The lady who made our booking sounded shocked the the front desk had refused, she even asked us for the persons name. When we narrated the details to the lady at the front desk, she just smiled. She said she did that for security reasons????????We were unable to sleep for 2 days due to ongoing CONSTRUCTION. We heard furniture being dragged all night on the upper floor.In the morning we talked to the floor manager and housekeeping.They ASSURED US THAT SUCH A THING WOULD NOT HAPPEN AGAIN. We were naive, same thing next night. We called the reception and finally at 4am an offer to switch rooms. Really 4 am they expect me to pack and drag my bags????? At checkout we narrated the story to someone introduced to us as the manager. He apologised but had no explanation. Things are out of control...He only offered to compensate for our suffering by arranging a cab to drop us to the airport for free. We paid 300+ dollars each night, were lied to, treated in most unprofessional manner. Our compensation, free ride to the airport. I am at loss of words and truely shocked at the service and overall experience. I am from INDIA , living in the U.S., and have been a fan of this hotel for years. We frequented the coffe shops and various resteraunts. Great personal attachment to the hotel till I stayed there. Its sad!	
Dec 24 2008 	The other reviews are wrong	We are very surprised by some of the positive comments in the last couple of reviews as we can only criticise - and we are not usually critical people. The hotel is still undergoing major refurbishment which means granite blocks are being machined noisily in the reception, covering everything in dust. The hotel staff seemed more keen to look after business events than people staying in the hotel, so that the pool was closed to 'guests' throughout our stay whilst they catered for weddings and the like! Drinks were ridiculously expensive £80 or $150 for a medium range bottle of wine and £12 or $22 for a gin and tonic! Our group felt very unwelcome and unwanted. As for location - how can anyone say it is near amenities? It is on a ring road on the outskirts of Delhi, and a minimum 40 minute taxi ride into the centre where all the sights are. Do not stay here unless you want to be surrounded by traffic and be close to the airport.	
Dec 20 2008 	Great place for a layover	Property – not the most attractive hotel in the world but it tries. The lobby is large and a bit over the top with a lot of black granite and brass; probably inspired by a visit to a Hindu temple filtered through a 1980’s ascetic sensibility. There are well over 500 rooms and many people from Delhi come here for the food, so the property is pretty busy well into the night. It is located in the south part of Delhi so getting to the main part of town for sightseeing is kind of a pain. Not that it is a bad thing but the armed guard, luggage screening and pat down at the front entrance was a little unexpected.Rooms- the rooms are a bit on the small side but there are some thoughtful touches that make them practical. The work desk rolls underneath itself so there is more room if you are not using it and the bathroom makes good use of space by having a half tub in the shower area. The toilet paper placement under the sink is a bit cumbersome. The bed was comfortable; the pillows were not. The room we stayed in could have used a bit of updating as the walls were a bit marred and some of the granite in the bathroom was chipped. The hallways leading to our room smelled musty and there was carpet coming up here and there. They also had a tendency to leave housekeeping trolleys in the hall for hours on end and, since the halls were kind of narrow, this was just a nuisance.Amenities – like a city unto itself, the 7 restaurants [including some of the best Chinese food outside of Hong Kong], large gym, spa [fairly good massage menu] with beauty shop facilities, and an arcade with shopping make a good case for never leaving the hotel. The concierge can arrange for city tours and to have medications delivered from a local [reputable] pharmacy. The pool area is OK with a good number of loungers if getting sun is your thing [or being outside in Delhi is your thing]. One advantage to the Hyatt is that, besides the Radisson, it is the closest 5 star hotel to the Delhi Airport, approximately 25 minutes with light Delhi traffic, 15 minutes at 2AM. All in all, it is pretty good place to be stuck for 24 hours waiting for a flight out of Delhi.Staff – The Hyatt will win no awards here. Admittedly, we had just come off a 3 night stay at the Oberoi, so my expectations were a bit high. The driver who picked us up and dropped us off at the airport was a very nice chap but that was pretty much it. The staff seemed cold and little things like asking for a phone number for my airline from the concierge desk seemed like a chore. The wait staff in the restaurants was friendly if a bit overbearing. The reception staff at The Regency Club took forever to check us in and just about as long to check us out.Overall- a nice place to hang out if you are waiting for a flight out of Delhi.	
Dec 6 2008 	Flawless consistent service.	Stopped for a week and also used one of their conference rooms. The staff would bend over backwards for you. There were renovations going on but we were well informed and the rooms were clean and tidy. We ate in every restaurant in the hotel and would recommend the 'china kitchen' The food and drink was great but very expensive, especially the wine, a glass of new zealand sauvignon blanc was £10. Get out of the hotel and jump in a tuc tuc to PVR priara for a cheap authentic meal. Don't let the beggers outside the hotel put you off, the hyatt is pure luxury, the health club is great too.	
Dec 2 2008 	Good Hotel.. but watch out they rip u off	Well its a good hotel, was quite clean service was good. It is very close to the airport and was one of the main reasons for me to book it. Has a good japanese steak house and a great coffee house. But for those singles this place does not have a nit club. The room was clean with hardwood floors and a nice view. I liked everything about the hotel cant complain.. now the bad stuff. I got the room for around 200 dollars/nit for the week of indepence day which was reasonably good, except after the trip when i returned back to america i was charged 250/nit.. on my credit card even though the online bill says 200, i called hyatt office in usa and they asked me to contact the hotel in delhi. I thought it was not worth it i rather not stay there anymore. Secont billing issue i had was for the car i rented during my stay. they provided me with a camry, aparently the lady in the front dest quoted me 2000 rs/8 hours. I decided to clear my bill the nit b4 i check out and while i was paying my bill i realized i was billed 4500 rs/8 hrs .. I tried talking to the manager she was quite rude basically saying she cant help it..as she didnt quote the price to me. I paid it in full. next day while i was checking out..i saw the girl who had quoted me the price.. i asked for the manager .. i explained everything that happened.. a new manager had come in .. she talked to the staff and refunded me the money.. ..I beleive they should have waived the taxi charge for .. they had caused all that drama .. and it was their fault. But ofcourse they didnt.. and when i finally reach america.. they charged me extra for my room ... awesome hotel .. i m never going there again.	
Nov 12 2008 	nice service	nice place to be	
Nov 7 2008 	loved the service	their service was excellent.all the time they were asking for snax,food,tea etc.and they gave me all that with good manner.	
Nov 4 2008 	Good experience overall	Our company's team of 9 stayed here for a week and overall we had a good experience. We stayed on the club level which was very helpful. We made good use of the lounge and there was a conference room we reserved for one day of our stay. Most of the staff was friendly and helpful and when I asked for a room change to move further away from the public area, they were very accommodating.Our rooms were clean and comfortable. We found the food at the club lounge very good and a nice mix of indian and continental. The italian restaurant was really good and highly recommended when you need a break.My major complaint is the check in and check out process. When our group arrived they took our passports and appeared efficient. They are not. It took almost two hours, they got hopelessly confused and we didn't get to our rooms until after midnight. We also get a complimentary ride back to the airport and even though I tried to confirm, it was clear that they did not have it recorded anywhere when we got to the concierge to leave. To be fair, they pulled it together but when flying international, this is something I want to work like clockwork. Lastly, the internet connection is flaky and our connections would often get dropped which was pretty frustrating at times.Overall, for business, it was a good (not perfect) experience and I wouldn't worry about staying here.	
Nov 3 2008 	Mixed bag	The hotel is truly a mix of the good and the bad. The pros are its proximity to the airport, city center and fairly good restaurants. The negatives start with the fact that the hotel does not disclose that it is undergoing renovations anywhere on its website. I stayed in room 241 and had to walk past several rooms with unnumbered doors that were open and the interior gutted! Despite recent renovations to the room, the mattress sagged and I ended up sleeping in the middle so as not to get a sinking feeling. The hotel also &quot;mistakenly&quot; charged me for an airport transfer when I did not use one . This seemed somewhat deliberate as when my local contact called to see if they had sent a car to the airport to pick me up, he was told that there was no booking!	
Oct 31 2008 	Awful Experience	Recently, stayed in Hyatt Delhi (October 2008). After paying Bomb, I had very bad experience with your so called &quot;5 star hotel&quot;---. Following were the issues:--Reservation was done online, on Hyatt's site but did not have room as per our requirement reserved.-Reception allots me room which already had guest staying. It was very embarrassing to walk into room with guest sleeping.-Next Room allotted was not as per our requirement, we took it as we were very tired. Whole process took 45 minutes.-ROOMS HAD COCKROACHES.-Room Service staff could not take order properly.I had to call three time to get correct and complete order. Once I received order it was cold and barely edible.I would never recommend stay in Hyatt for kind of Service they offer, after charging bomb.	
Jul 21 2008 	Not the best saty but not the worst either	Stayed 3 nights in a King room. Burned Gold Passport points for 2 of them. Check in was not smooth. Room was not ready and it was after midnight. There are a lot of airline crew that stay here so that is probably why. Finally did get into our room. Smallish. Comfy bed. Internet worked. Bring earplugs if you have an exterior facing room as there is constant honking or horns. The hotel is big and usually full so things are going to happen. This includes service snafu’s and maintenance issues. Every guest you encounter will have something good and bad to say however a lot of the guests are very repeat guests so that says that they are for the most part happy about their experience. They do work hard to make things right if it is brought to their attention that you are not satisfied. I was actually impressed by this. The restaurants with the exception of the 24 hour restaurant, which is not really 24 hours, were good. After I got home it was not clear if the VAT on the cheques in the restaurants is really a VAT or a gratuity so you might want to clarify this when you are there. Nice busy pool and once you got the staff attention they were attentive. Lots of pigeons and other birds to watch, and occasionally dodge the you know what. Lots of F/A’s and pilots so plenty of interesting conversations around the pool and in the bar. Met some great people.I had some interesting emails with the concierge desk prior to my arrival but it all worked out in the end. The city day tour they arranged included a stop at a rug place that I found a total waste of my time not to mention high pressure sales so have your driver/guide skip that part of the tour. The rest of it was fine. Don’t let anyone tell you it is a couple of hours to Agra. It took us almost 5 hours to get back because of the traffic was at a stand still. It ended up being a very long day indeed from 6:00a until almost 10:30p. If you are expecting an intimate hotel with a smooth as silk service experience like you will find elsewhere in Asia this is not the best place for you. This hotel is perfectly fine for most travellers if you are prepared for the occasional wrinkle along the way.	
May 31 2008 	Expensive poor service and poor breakfast	I spent only two days with my mom in this hotel in the end our trip to India. The hotel, restaurants and rooms are nice. It is expensive and the service is poor. The toillet was blocked and we spent two hours waiting for someone to fix the issue (actually we checked out without solution for the problem). The breakfast was also an issue if you don't like to have indian food: all pastries looked like have been made a week ago. The bread was dry and hard. We got very disappointed since the restaurant looks pretty good (LOOKs only). The frontdesk was also very rough. Our advice is to get a reservation in The Park hotel chain, since the service and food is just wonderful.	
May 19 2008 	Ups and Downs	We stayed 2 nights at the Hyatt Regency in New Delhi. Overall the experience was OK but there were several issues which meant I couldn't give this property a higher rating.Upon arriving the receptionist had some difficulty in finding our reservation despite the fact that we had called in a day earlier to confirm. This lead to some delays and was not the best start to our visit! We had been assigned to a standard room overlooking the pool. It was clean but very outdated (old fashioned bathroom with shower over the tub, old style TV). Our friend who was staying at the same hotel had gone for a Club level room and when we saw his room we decided to bite the bullet and upgrade. It took some time and a few phone calls to the Front Desk but eventually we were moved. What a difference! The Regency Club level rooms are all recently renovated with all the mod cons. They are still the same size as the normal rooms (i.e. not that big). I've uploaded some photos of both rooms so you can see the difference. Also included in the Regency Club rate was access to the Club Lounge (free drinks all day, alcoholic drinks and snacks from 6 - 8pm everyday), free Internet access (the broadband was fast) and free limo transfers to and from the airport.We tried the room service for dinner and breakfast - both were very good although a bit slow to arrive. We also ate at TK's Grill which had decent Teppanyaki although the meat was a bit tough.Had the chance to try the pool, very nice although a bit small and strangely enough with a swimming lane right through the center effectively cutting it in half. Plenty of sun loungers around although it was a bit of a struggle to get any service (had to walk over to the pool bar area to get drinks). We also tried the bar, very relaxing with live music and a nice atmosphere.Unfortunately there were renovations going on during our stay which meant that some parts of the hotel were closed off and there was some intermittent noises coming from the construction areas. Our room cards stopped working on the 2nd day and it took two trips to the front desk to sort them out.Also, be warned that one wing of the club level has been fitted out with a new system which allows use of a wireless keyboard to access the internet through the TV and do various other things. The other wing lacks this system and is still waiting to be updated. If you are travelling without a laptop make sure you specify you want one of these equipped rooms so that you can jump online without the hassle of having to go to the business center.My main problem with the hotel was the lack of value it represents. For the USD $500+ / night room rate we were paying I honestly expected a bigger room and flawless service. Unfortunately this was not the case.	
Apr 9 2008 	Loved this Hotel	We loved this hotel...Was not inexpensive, but loved everything about it. Staff was very pleasant &amp; helpful. Breakfast was good.	
Mar 4 2008	loved it	i like this hotel visit delhi mainly for business and was picked up every morning for work so i really dont know if location is a good one in my opinion there was nothing around or walking distance to see or visitevery restaurant visited was al least 20 minutes by carinside the hotel was perfect :room of good size ,perfectly mantained ,good business services and breakfastnothing to complain about was a joy arriving everyday after a long working day	
Feb 17 2008	great - no complaints	This was my second time at the Hyatt Regency in Delhi - the first time was two years ago and there were some things I didn't like then. This time I stayed a week and I have to say that everything was nearly perfect - nice room, comfortable bed, good restaurants, good service. The gym is pleasant and although the hotel was packed there were always enough machines. There is a newish Italian restaurant which is excellent, and a new Chinese restaurant which is even better. Although it is on a very busy road, the rooms are fully soundproofed and I didn't hear any of Delhi's infamous constant beeping.At the rear of the hotel is a large pool and pleasant garden where you can have drinks and light meals.My only small complaint was that the bathroom fittings could do with refurbishment - taps need replacing, toilet flush was a bit lethargic etc. And also that the breakfast can be a bit chaotic when the hotel is full as it was during my stay - peak of the tourist season.But I would stay here again, definitely.	
Jan 3 2008 	Not worth the big bucks	Spent 2 nights, one at top USD, the second using Hyatt Gold Passport points. We were advised by friends to stay in 5 Star Deluxe Hotels while in India, good input... your hotel will be your sanctuary. So, in Delhi we selected the Hyatt Regency, it's expensive. Excellent bar, excellent buffet breakfast, the top-USD room was small and clean. The Gold Passport room was smaller, unclean, dirty and lacked furnishings. So, food and drinks are good, but room is average, not worth the USD. E.Taylor, NC, USA	
Dec 21 2007 	Hyatt Regency New Delhi Regency Club Level Floor 6 	I looked on trip advisor for a while before making my decision on the Hyatt. I had read a few things before my trip to New Delhi but still arrived feeling like I had not prepared enough. I came to realize extremely fast if you want things done in New Delhi get the tipping wallet ready. This place is worst in tip for value then Las Vegas in general. The hotel is pretty nice over all and yes service is pretty good if you are willing to dump a few Rupees on tips. I found that advice prior to my trip that 30 rupees is pretty good which most cases was but if you want something done and fast 100 rupees up gets what you want pretty darn fast and with a smile. If you don’t plan on tipping then I suggest you don't stay at a 4 star up hotel in New Delhi. I decided on this room because reading other reviews on hotels in general in New Delhi the level of service and accuracy of things is very low. So I figured I would try to find the best place with a good name and find a top room. The Hyatt I like in general as a hotel because it has a national name and corporation behind so you can usually find customer service somewhere if all else fails. Being on the Regency level I was greeted at the airport by the hotel and shuttled off to the hotel. I arrived in the morning and they are pretty strict about the early check in deal so I dropped off my bags and already had a day trip planned to Agra. On returning to the Hyatt later in the evening I checked in on the 6th floor of the Regency Club and of course things can never be right. I had booked two rooms. One I booked on line at Hyatt and the other I booked online at Expedia. The room booked at Hyatt of course was accurate at check in but at check out they bumped up my price an extra 3000 rupees for some reason. I am still debating this with them and the credit card company. Not something I wanted to do and had previously read that they are notorious for this so great I am one of the statistics now. The other room booked through Expedia was a disaster. Expedia charges you the total room at booking through the website. So I paid the entire amount including taxes at the time of booking through Expedia. Well at check out Hyatt wanted to charge me again for the room and I was about to blow up at this point because things just didn’t go as planned. Well anyhow already running late to the airport I ran into the business center and printed off my Expedia confirmation and my credit card statement showing that I had already been charged and still Hyatt did not take it at face value but rather told me they would figure things out send me a bill later. Well lucky for me the Expedia room worked out and I was not double charged or I would still be debating that as well if I had not taken the time to solve it right then and their. So big suggestion if you decide to stay here bring all your reservation confirmations with you to check in and make sure the quoted or prepaid room is understood with the check in counter people at the time of check in it will save you a tremendous amount of time later in emails and telephone conversations with your credit card company and the hotel. The next morning I wanted to check out New Delhi so I hopped into a taxi and not knowing better told him to take me to the arch and he did not turn on the meter….oops. I learned that you are supposed to negotiate these fares or just rent the driver for the day. So I ended up understanding this fairly quickly and negotiated 1000 rupees for the day. That seemed to be the set rate for it was like this the remaining two days using other drivers. I also learned unless you like to be taken to the commission shops be direct and firm with the drive on telling him you want to go to specific places and don’t want to go shopping with him when you can just go to Connaught Place and stay away from the government emporiums unless you want to pay the premium. The way I understand it is that the government emporiums pay a kick back of 500 rupees to the taxi driver for just bringing you the emporium and then 50% commission on whatever you end up buying. So don’t go to the taxi driver suggested places for shopping rather just direct him to various places like Connaught Place. Don’t misunderstand this and think this is on the only place and no government emporiums in this area because there are more places and still government emporiums here in this area as well but you can surely see the difference. Just tell the taxi driver you want to start out by the Pizza Hut or KFC. They are clueless and think you just want to eat and tell him you will be back after a few hours. He isn’t going to take off because you haven’t paid him yet so take a nice stroll and shop, eat or whatever floats your boat. So now more about the hotel. One room I had gotten was just a Regency King and it was actually fairly small compared to other Regency Kings I have had in the past from other Hyatt’s. But it was OK nothing special other then the bottle water. The drain in the shower was horrible and flooded every time the shower was turned on. The other room was a Regency King Suite and was good size. It felt more like a Regency King room I am used to. It had a lovely sitting room and very accommodating in size and feel. The suite was a nice room for my friends to stay in because they had three travelers so two sleep in the king bed and the other in a roll-a-way. Very nice room and their shower seemed to work just fine. Being on the Regency level you get the breakfast in the morning and the drinks in the evening which is a very nice feature to staying on the Regency level and the staff is very friendly while serving you. Again a little tip at the end of the breakfast and night cap does some wonders for your stay. The staff is more appreciative and goes out of their way to help the tipper that is for sure. So good place to hand over 50 rupees after the end of breakfast and drinks for better enjoyment to your stay in the long run. I found the location of the hotel not to be very close to many things and at least 15 minutes from the sites. I ate dinner one night at the Spice Route at the Imperial Hotel and found the location of the Imperial fairly close to the sites so I may have to try that the next time I go to Delhi for the location seems much better off. The Hyatt just seemed away from it all. Highly recommend the Spice Route for dinner and make reservations at the Imperial hotel. Also the Hyatt has China Kitchen which serves fairly good Chinese food but again make reservations in advance for it feels up fast. The health club at the Hyatt is small and very busy for they allow outside membership. So if you want to exercise and enjoy the sauna at the hotel you can but be prepared for a small over used gym. Overall I found the Hyatt in New Delhi to be very TIP happy and OK if you are ok with tipping everyone at the hotel who may look at you or try to help you. I don’t think that is unusual thing for New Delhi in general. It seems to be a very TIP happy place which bugs me but at the same time I am already their so I want to enjoy my voyage and not let a few dollars get in the way of my enjoyment. Upon leaving give yourself plenty of time at the airport. Security is crazy for they have these big scanning machines that don’t do anything because I didn’t see one bag being opened but they require every bag to be placed on this thing for inspection. I don’t have a clue as to what it is suppose to do because a billion people are all trying to throw their suitcase onto this scan machine at the same time with really no organization to the whole thing and then clamoring to retrieve the bag at the end of the scan machine while some workers place a security check tie around your suitcase. It’s a joke and very time consuming. Do not try to check in until you have cleared the dumb scanning machine process. Immigration lines are long and slow and then again a security check again is required for your personal hand carry. Also don’t forget to get a stamp on your hand bag carry on because they won’t let you board the airplane with out a stamp on the carry on luggage tag. Again just take my word for it very TIME CONSUMING. New Delhi will tier you out!	
Dec 15 2007 	Enjoyable hotel nice rooms and restaurants	This hotel has an excellent standing. The restaurant are good for India. Our oom at the top floor was very well furbished and we had a warm welcome. The sauna was a good point for the evening. The only disappoint was a mistake on the bill at the departure but they corrected it on our request.	
Oct 19 2007	Average experience	This was not the best welcome to India. The service was pretty disorganized, and the location was out of the action of the city - this might suit some people but it meant having to negotiate public transport and taxis, not easy in this place! Rooms were okay, but nothing special. Not the cleanest bathroom either. I'd choose some where else next time.	
Oct 8 2007 	Good for a short business stay - 2nd visit	I stayed at Hyatt Regency in Delhi, this was my second visit. I think that somethings have slipped since last year when I stayed, such as concerige desk (had to remind them several times about car bookings). The food as always is good, the rooms are pleasant (although can be cold - I turned my ac off!) and the complimentary water is much appreciated.The staff are very helpful on the whole, although a little slow in the restuarant.	
Sep 23 2007 	Excellent; somewhat pricey but great service	Excellent hotel that made our stay in Delhi a worthwhile experience; check in was easy and the rooms average until we found that our friends were in newer plush rooms on the same floor whilst our rooms were the old style; upon request, the management bent over backwards to move us to the newer refurbished rooms as soon as these became available (later that night)....the flat screen LCD TV ; the wood panel ; the soft mattresses, the ambience and the transparent bathroom wall with the sensuous blue soft lights all reminded me of the high end boutique hotels in pricey Manhattan!!The room service was excellent; as was the health club with newer equipment - elliptical crosstrainers and treadmills with integrated TV monitors ; the massage treatments were truly a treat and fairly inexpensive by US standards. Their popularity was evident; by few time slots available for massage at short notice.Service speaks volumes in my book when the concierge willingly sent staff on motorbike for medication to a 24 hour hospital pharmacy some distance away from the hotel at 3am (to treat my sick child); and had the medication delivered promptly to our room!!Thanks Hyatt staff... I have traveled all over the world and rate you a true 5 star experience!! We will be back when we visit India &amp; Delhi	
Aug 29 2007 	Superb Hotel Fantastic Dining	I stayed at the Hyatt Regency for a week in August on a business trip to New Delhi. I found both the service and the facilities to be outstanding!The first thing you should know, don't bother scheduling pickup from the airport through the hotel. The price is outrageous. Simply grab a taxi from the airport and pay 300 Rupees maximum. If you are a westerner on your first trip to Delhi you may not be prepared for the tipping situations. Check the discussion forums here at tripadvisor for tipping information before you decide to accept assistance with bags etc.The hotel is, of course, not really walking distance from anything. I'm not sure if there is any hotel in Delhi that is walking distance from anything. But the area is decent enough. The entry and lobby are very nice, check in is easy, staff is excellent.The rooms are great. Very new looking. Housekeeping is simply superb, exceptional, fantastic! The beds are luxurious, the bathroom large, the amenities plentiful. LOVED this room. Internet is a little pricey. There are an abundance of channels on the television. The hotel restaurants are simply outstanding. Breakfast is delicious and loaded with options. Do NOT miss out on the italian restaurant. I just got back from Italy a couple of months ago and I can honestly say the restaurant at this hotel has the best Italian I've had in years. Do NOT miss it!The price of this hotel can be intimidating, but there are deals to be had for the diligent researcher. We booked at 170 USD per night. Not bad. In summary, this hotel stay was absolutely fantastic. I will be in town every August for the next several years and I fully intend to stay at the Hyatt each time.	
Aug 26 2007 	Perfect stay	Great Club room. Nice buffet in the evening and breakfast at the Club LoungeVery good spa with the best ayurvedic massage I've had in India!The staff is wonderful	
Aug 14 2007 	Perfect hotel for business travellers	I first stayed at this hotel around 4 years ago and should have written a review back then, but sadly never got around to it. I went back to Delhi last week and again stayed at the Hyatt Regency. It really is a great hotel and worthy of a decent review. I'll start with the rooms which are nice and comfortable, if slightly dated. Lovely wooden floors and comfy beds. The bathroom provides all the basic amenities you would expect to find and more. There is a drain by the side of the bath that some of my colleagues noticed a smell from and even bubbles coming through but I myself had no problem with my own room. The service in the hotel is really great and extremely attentive. Wherever you are in the hotel, front desk, lobby, outside or any of the restaurants, you will find the staff extremely helpful and very polite. My friend and I ate in TK's which is an asian restaurant - we both rated it extremely high. The food and the service were perfect. It was far too hot for me to sunbathe by the pool, but I had a great view from my room and having been to the pool area on my previous visit, I can only assume the pool service is as good as ever. A great visit - highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 27 2007 	Excellent hotel to stay	I had been to New Delhi for one night on a trip to get my US VISA from the American Consulate. I was booked at this hotel and the experience was really great.Mine was a club room up on the 6 th floor and it was very good.The hotel and its food is worth the price one pays to stay here.Strongly recommend.	
May 6 2007	Expensive.....	The Hotel is set between the city centre and the International Airport. On first arrival I thought the outside was nothing special. But the welcoming lobby was first class. The restaurants are excellent and whilst I was there the Hotel was adding a new Chinese Restaurant. The pool is not particularly large but adequate and the grounds are well kept. I was staying on the Executive 6 floor and this gave me access to a small buffet service.The room was clean but nothing special. My room was located on the side, providing me a restricted view of a side alley….nothing great there. The TV was old style model not a modern Flat plasma version. The programmes were basic, offering no pay-per-view. The room had Internet access but on this trip as I didn’t have my laptop. I used the internet room on the 6th floor (another is in the lobby). I was surprised and very disappointed to find a charge for this, having paid a lot more to stay on the Executive floor I would of expected this to be complimentary. I thought this was very petty.The Hotel staff are excellent and very professional, very polite and helpful. Overall I would say the price to stay at the Hyatt was very expensive and although I was staying on business and therefore not paying, I would not stay there again.	
Apr 4 2007 	Avoid at all Costs!!!!	The service at the Hyatt is great but, not worth the $300/night price. Our room had a door to an adjoining room through which everything could be heard. So, during our last nights stay the person in the other room decided to watch TV at 3am and we were woken up. If you are paying $300/night you should get a quiet nights sleep. Also, when we arrived back home I was sent a letter and bill for food taken out of the mini-bar which we never took . This hotel is a total rip-off.	
Jan 28 2007 	Great service!	We stayed at the Hyatt Regency Dehli right after Christmas. Our flight was late out of Taiwan and the staff at the airport was really helpful, especially since we had two small children.We stayed on the executive floor and the room was beautiful and the staff was great. We went on a tour of Northern India the next day and stayed in the hotel again on our way out of India. The food was good and the hotel was great for our kids.I would recommend this hotel for a short stay with children but probably isn't a long term stay, since it really isn't near any of the sights in Dehli and is basially a business hotel.	
Dec 12 2006 	Baautiful plce; they take care of you	I stayed at the Hyatt Regency for a business trip. There's not much around the hotel, which is typical for Delhi; dusty roads, honking horns, people on bicycles. My room was beautiful and well-supplied. I had an Internet connection problem after I checked in and within 5 minutes a young man in a suit was at my door to resolve it. (It was 11 PM Friday night.) I was admiring the plantings by the pool and an employee greeted me and told me the names of the plants. The Health Club was well-equipped and machines were always available.The one weakness this hotel had, in my view, was a smaller % of Indian food in the buffet; I'd previously stayed at the Grand, where they had a bigger selection that changed every day. If you like to stick to traditional Western food, there's plenty of it. I even saw a guy eating a steak, which made me cringe.My boss and I paid $300/night in peak tourist season; some people checking in the night I left were paying $500 and were complaining loudly and boorishly. I don't know if they had better rooms, but mine was a good value for $300.	
Dec 11 2006 	A great experience	I recently stayed at the Hyatt in New Delhi. My room was quite large with plenty of room around my king bed. It was slightly cold and when I called the front desk to complain, they sent up a space heater that worked fine. The most impressive aspect was the concierge. I had several packages delivered to me and someone from the concierge not only brought them up, but helped me pack them which involved making a makeshift bag and weighing my baggage for me. Given my extra baggage, I was concerned that I might not be able to check in everything. When I departed the hotel, I was told that the Hyatt representative at the airport had been notified that I was coming and would help me. The Hyatt representative met me at the airport and walked me through the check-in process and helped me manage my baggage. I would never have been able to check-in if it was not for him.I would definitely stay at the Hyatt again.	
Nov 2 2006 	My stay was fine!	I enjoyed my stay here.I found my room a bit small, but comfortable and I slept well.Reception is large, modern and light and the staff met my requests just fine.I asked someone to get me some deodorant (as I forgot to pack any) and it was bought and brought to me in a meeting where I wanted it. Great!Restaurant, lots of buffet choice, western or Indian, good quality.We had a business meeting in the downstairs conference facility, which was excellent.Pool, I had a swim, and ordered a beer at the pool, and that was all fine. All in all, I would stay here again.	
Oct 15 2006 	Nice Hotel	I've read the reviews on this hotel, and I just don't get it. A lot of the comments may be true, but are really pretty minor problems, and they don't really warrent the negative ratings. It's almost as if the reviewers haven't stayed at 5 star hotels internationally.I was at the hotel from the 10th thru the 14th of October, and found the hotel to be good, and the service excellent. We were there for a conference, and were very pleased with the hotel.The rooms are small, but adequately sized with a king bed, desk with chair, and easy chair. The furnishings were fine - not worn - but the hotel is remodelling all the rooms, and are supposed to be finished shortly. The new rooms have furnishings to maximize the space, like glass desk top, headboard mounted on the wall, and bedside lamps mounted on the wall instead of nightstands. Some of the rooms apparently did not have temperature adjustment, but mine was adjustable.The food was very good. We had two catered lunches at Djinn's as well as a dinner with entertainment Friday night by the pool, with mulitple ethnicities of food (Indian, Italian, Arabic) and they were all very good. The service was excellent, so I don't know why other reviewers complained.One negative had to do with the mosquitos. The weather was unseasonably warm, and there is a dengue fever outbreak in Delhi (over 1300 cases with 50 deaths so far), so the hotel was constantly fogging outside and fumigating inside. The inside work was ineffective, though, and there were a lot of mosquitos inside. No one in our group was bitten, but we were swatting and nervous - even wearing &quot;Off&quot; during our conference.The hotel isn't within walking distance of shopping, but most foreigners wouldn't want to walk in Delhi anyway. There is a camp of homeless living under tarps across the street, and cows roam the streets, but that's just India. The pool area is gorgeous, though, so when you're in the hotel it's an oasis in Delhi.	
Aug 15 2006 	A professional hotel with systems that worked for us	My wife and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency the night of July 31. We paid a bit over $200 for the room. We had an excellent experience. The international airport pick-up was efficient. The room was comfortable, and the staff were friendly, professional, and helpful. Breakfast and lunch in the coffee shop were very good. My wife left her glasses in the lobby, and we were able to retrieve them from the lobby staff who found them and put them in the lost and found. We took a hotel taxi to the Ashoke Hotel and back for a reasonable fare. The drop off at the domestic airport was pleasant. The hotel is not within walking distance of any shops or commercial areas, so we had to change money at the hotel rate. But we would enthusiastically recommend the Hyatt Regency as good value for the money.	
Apr 11 2006 	Shockingly Bad Hotel	I always stay at Hyatt's as the name usually guarantee's some kind of standard - not in this case!!! The rooms are very, very old. They have not updated in the basic components such as electrical plugs and the ac, let alone the furnishing. The ac control does not even allow you to change the temperature!!!! All this would be ok except that they are charging $200. Not worth this at all	
Feb 22 2006 	Lot of $ for little	For $300+ you would expect that you'd get the room that you reserve (King, non-smoking). Instead I got a smoking room and two twin beds pushed together. The Polo lounge was good and the atmosphere lively, but you also have trouble getting a seat in the place. Maybe because this was a Saturday night. All in all, it was just a average experience. The staff were helpful and attentive and that was the best part I guess.	
Feb 16 2006 	Some of the staff do try to make a difference	I wrote a review a few hours before checking out. It wasn't favorable.We were on a late (midnight) flight and after checking out and settling the extras bill for a couple of meals and some drinks (around 700us), used the spa to freshen up before dinner. I was not allowed a 20 R disposable razor as I had already checked out!That was the final straw. I couldn't wait to leave this place! On leaving through the lobby I met the hotel manager and told him what was going on in his hotel. Hotels in India, in my experience, are never that good. Maybe it's a cultural thing. The manager took the comments I made very seriously and appeared pretty surprised on investigation to find out what his staff were obviously hiding from him!He and his team took immediate action to ensure that the remainder of our evening in Delhi was as enkoyable as possible and that we would try the hotel again next time we visited.I'll try this place again next time I'm in Delhi. The manager genuinely seems to want to sort it out.I recommend if you have justified problems here and that aren't being dealt with that you inform the manager. If he's not available contact Hyatt regional manager. I suspect that when the reception says he's not available it's because they'd prefer their boss didn't find out what its like being a guest here.There are some great, helpful people working here who understand the hospitality business, they just need more of them!	
Feb 12 2006	fine	I used the hotel for a day room - so did not experience the facilities.It is a very busy hotel - the lobby feels like a train station - although it looks much smarter!It has a range of facilities, coffee shop, bar, restaurants , gym, and loads of boutiques selling goods for all pockets - from souvenirs to jewellery. It is quite close to the centre. The staff were all very polite and helpful with all my queries and requests however bags took a long time to get to my room and then to get loaded into the taxi on departure.The room was comfortable with all the amenities you would expect form a four star.I paid 350 rupees to get to the airport by a hotel recommended taxi, the hotel car costs 1300	
Jan 24 2006 	Loved the Hyatt	I stayed here while on business for two weeks and I loved it. The gym and spa were great, and the staff was extremely helpful. The buffet breakfast was included in my rate, and was a nice way to start the day, a nice mix of western and Indian breakfast foods and french pressed coffee. By day three, the waiters new I liked ketchup and tabasco and would have both waiting for me upon my arrival for breakfast. The rooms were a bit small, but were clean and nicely appointed. I had no trouble at with any of the temperature controls, the AC made the room cold, the heat made the room warm.	
Jan 7 2006	Dreadful	This Hotel is a joke. Out of date product in the mini-bar, rude staff, slow restaurants, expensive drinks, poor transportation, small rooms, ancient bathrooms and basic at that. Wouldn't advise even considering it!!	
Jan 5 2006	We loved this hotel....	I think I must have stayed at a different hotel than the other reviewers. After 3 weeks on the road in India, we were lucky enough to use points to reserve a room on the club level. Highly recommend upgrading if you can. The room was lovely. It could have been a bit larger, but the decor, cleanliness and bathroom were are great. Apparently, we had the opposite experience with the service. Check in was done promptly on the 6th floor, they let us check out at 7:00 in the evening when we left with no additional charge, the wait staff on the floor were wonderful and we found the breakfast and evening drinks to quite nice. Also, having unlimited email access in the business center was very helpful.We enjoyed the bar and resaurant we went to in the hotel (though they are VERY expensive by Indian standards), but the best part was the spa. For about 30 bucks I got the best massage I have ever had. This hotel was a wonderful break in our travels and I would recommend it without a doubt. And, again, suggest upgrading to the club level for the best experience!	
Jan 3 2006	Hyatt A disgrace	Hyatt a 5 star hotel....having a laugh.The service is worse than what you get in a 2 star hotel. Not worth the money.Staff in Delhi Hyatt are inefficient and extremely rude! They do not know how to treat their customers. Not only that, they need to be fully trained to work at the front desk! Can't get a simple thing right!The restaurant in the Hotel is over priced. The food is ok. Although you have to order 3 hours in advance! Because their service is so damn slow.Rooms are also very small and bathroom is very basic.I would certainely not recommend this hotel to anyone!Delhi Hyatt definately gives a bad name to the Hyatt group of Hotels.	
Dec 22 2005	OverPriced		
Dec 21 2005	Give Hyatt a bad name. Absolutely appalling.		
Nov 23 2005	5 Star looks - 1 Star service		
Nov 17 2005	Worst Hotel Bad name to India		
Nov 15 2005	Terrible Service		
Nov 14 2005 	Calm and luxurious amid the chaos of Delhi		
Mar 31 2005	OK Hotel but terrible service		
Mar 17 2005	Nice Hotel Not Great Location Pricey		
Dec 23 2004	Not great not horrible just ok.		
Nov 1 2004	Good value		
Aug 16 2009 	?????????		
Apr 28 2009 	Primera empresion excelente regresamos y fue descepcion		
Mar 8 2009 	?????????????		
