	busy with hotelling	Luxury rooms, finest interiors, plush furnitures and great ambience. Really this is where you find the true luxury. Warm rooms and quality of service at your disposal. Blended with the finest quality food to make the stay memorable.	
Nov 24 2009 	One-hour for check-in at midnight despite arrangements to minimise check-in time	I booked a room for my husband using one telephone call and more than 5 e-mails. All e-mails communicated clearly that (a) the room was essentially booked so that my husband could sleep well for a few hours, (b) he was arriving at midnight after having been on continuous travel for two days and he needed as much rest as he could get before leaving in the morning and (c) i would do what is possible to reduce his time on check-in and check-out formalities, just so that he could sleep a few minutes more. My credit card details were given via phone and i received a confirmation document as an e-mail attachment. As per my understanding, the room was now pre-paid.However, on arrival at midnight, my husband spent one hour just to check-in. After failing to convince them that he had a pre-paid room, my husband called me, then in Mumbai. I called the Manager who wondered why i had not accompanied my husband. I wondered in my mind how a person who did not understand the words 'single room' and 'my husband' had that job.The Manager told me that my credit card had not been charged and only used as a reserve to confirm the booking. When i asked the Manager why this info was not made clear to me before-hand when i have communicated the need to minimise my husband's time with check-in and check-out formalities, he had no answer except that he was following standard procedures. I called my husband back and asked him to make the payment. He did so and it was only after that, that he could go his room.Over the years, I have booked hotel rooms in different parts of the world in different ways and know that hotels who only use the credit card as a reserve mention this clearly. This clear communication removes scope for misunderstandings. Therefore, while booking with credit card, check whether your room is really pre-paid or just been reserved. This will save everyone's time and energy. Assuming that the hotel should inform us, is perhaps too much to expect, regardless of the price one pays for efficient service.	
Nov 23 2009 	Best hotel near airport	We stayed in Radisson Delhi for an overnight, we chose it only because it was the first one we found in our price range (10000 Rs maximum) near the airport.We were very suprised to find a real Palace, with top quality service (not even seen in higher priced hotels in India!).The rooms are modern, spacious and the beds are the softest I've seen in my life.The food is also very good, with the best breakfast I've eaten in India. Will definitely return there for my next overnight in Delhi.Only drawback: everything is occidental-styled, nothing looks Indian...	
Nov 20 2009 	Convenient location fantastic service at the restaurants and banquet rooms	I was here to attend a conference for 1 week. The location is more appropriate for business people who have business/ meetings in Gurgaon. Its proximity to the airport is a big plus in my books given the unpredictable Delhi traffic.Admittedly, I was rather concerned after reading the not so favourable reviews. But my experience here was really quite good. The standard of service at the restaurants and the banquet rooms where the conference was held was fantastic. The food is wonderful which was a good thing for us as we ate in at the hotel the entire week. The reception and housekeeping end could be improved - I had requested for a late check out for a fee when I checked in but it was never inputted into the system. There were also days when I didn't get a laundry bag but apart from these small hiccups, my stay here was wonderful.	
Nov 20 2009 	Highly recommended for business traveller needing to be near airport and Gurgaon	A very pleasant stay. Rooms are well-furnished, comfortable, and clean. Collection from airport went without any hitch. Conference went smoothly, and events staff are to be highly commended for their service and attention to detail. Good selection of food from the three restaurants on-site - even after a week here without the opportunity to leave the hotel, I did not feel bored with the selection. Excellent wireless connection. Full service spa/salon on-site - a nice extra you don't often get in other business hotels. All in all, very happy with my first time stay at this hotel.	
Nov 16 2009 	Great experience....but you pay for it.	I have stayed at the Radisson severl times in the last few years and always have a fantastic stay. The staff is welcoming and accommodating and the food is great. It is certainly one of the nicer hotels in Delhi, but you pay for it. To compare this hotel to a similar hotel in New York or London, the cost should be much less, but isn't. If you can afford the rate, you won't be disappointed in the service and the property.	
Nov 16 2009	loved the decor	We have just returned from a week at the Ritz Carlton. The hotel is magnificent and we have never experienced such incredible service before. It was so lovely that it was hard to drag ourselves away from the hotel to go to the theme parks at all. In fact we didn't bother with Disney , having been before and just did a few trips to Universal. It was so hot and busy there, we couldn't wait to get back to the peace and tranquility of the hotel. We stayed on the club level with its own concierge and club lounge where 5 different food presentations are laid out each day. We were just expecting a few nibbles but breakfast is a lovely continental spread with cheeses fruit pastries etc. During the afternoon it's literally like tea at the Ritz in London with champagne etc. Quite difficult to fit in any meals out after all that! The pool is lovely, not as big as the Marriott next door but more luxurious. Our kids are 11 and 13 and they enjoyed it. The pool attendants were wonderful, laying out 3 towels per sun lounger, with one rolled up as a head rest. The waitress even came into the pool with a tray of smoothies for everyone to try. The Spa is out of this world. Not for under 16 really but they were quite happy for my daughter to have some treatments. Expensive but fabulous. Restaurants are great. Normans is very smart and we dined there for our daughter's birthday. They even printed a special menu wishing her a happy birthday. We paid $299 per night for a room on the club level which we thought excellent value. There were 2 double beds so the four of us shared. Overall I would say this is probably the best hotel we have ever stayed in on holidayand I am extremely fussy! Perhaps not the most convenient if all you want to do is theme parks, but if you want to mix a little luxury with the odd trip to the parks then this is an absolute must	
Oct 2 2009 	Second time here and	My partner and I stayed here for 2 days and we're quite pleased with our stay here. This was my second time here so I knew what to expect. Great service and food. The hotel is close to the airport, which was good for us.	
Sep 17 2009 	hated the Radisson hotel delhi -	Extremely disappointed with the service. hotel lobby is nice. rooms dated and noisy if on the highway side. i was initially put in a room on the highway and asked to be change to the other side. the staff promised to get back to me in 1/2 hr. they forgot and finally moved me after 6hr. expensive hotel for the state the room is. The hotel does not see to have a focus on customers or customer service. staff though polite do not go out of there way to be helpful. they say they will get back to you but forget. they offered a CAA rate on the internet but do not honour it at checkin. they offered a weekend spa package but were reluctant to honour it. asked 4 times and got the run around. each time they would get back to me but seemed to forget. extremely poor value for the price.I travel on business extensively around the world and have never been treated so poorly. i am an female business traveller and Indian by descent and not sure if this had something to do with it. i usually a hotel goesout of their way to make their female guests feel safe and welcome. certainly not at the Radisson.	
Sep 3 2009 	Hotel excellent - restaurant awful	I ordered smoked mussels. The first taste was awful old stinky fish smell. Yet I tried some more bites. I am hoping that I do not get any food poisoning.My customers and colleagues had minor complaints; al dente is al dente, and not crispy.Recommend: hotel yes, restaurant no.	
Aug 27 2009 	The worst hotel of our trip to India - Do not stay here!	My partner and I spent over 3 weeks touring Northern India and because we did a basic tour we decided to end our holiday in what we thought was going to be pure luxury - The Radisson Delhi. How wrong could we be! Yes, the hotel lobby looks impressive, but the staff are rude and uncooperative. We were shown to our room which smelt of strong glue, so we were moved to a room that smelt of smoke. Eventually we settled for a third room which had a very noisy view of the motorway, complete with roosting pigeons directly outside the window. The food is ridiculously expensive because the hotel uses its own unique exchange rate! So beware. But the worst part about this hotel was that the following morning when we awoke a mouse scurried from under the bed. After reporting this to the manager he did apologise and discounted the meal from the previous evening, but that didnt make up for the shock of finding the mouse and realising that it had probably been in the room with us all night. A horrible hotel. Don't stay there!	
Aug 19 2009 	Great Experience at the Med Restaurant.	This restaurant was reccomended by a great friend of mine in Miami &quot;Luca P&quot;, he told me that Chef Giovanni Leopardi is the one of the best Chef arrond the globe. i took his word, and he was wright, I had the best dinner. I enjoy the taste, the freshiness of the food, i do not have a better word to describe the wonderfull experience i had. thank you .	
Aug 6 2009 	Clean and Convenient!	The hotel was really clean.. the room (I stayed at Superior Room) was big and the bathroom was pretty good size too. The room service was on time and had many choices like Indian, Chinese, and &quot;American&quot;.. and the food was ok too.The front desk folks were very efficient.. not so informative.. but nice.The best part about the hotel was that it is about 10 minutes by car with a complimentary shuttle service to the Indira Gandhi International Airport as well as to the domestic airport. Not so good about the hotel was the concierge!I was a woman travelling alone (and first time at Delhi) and wanted to do some last minute shopping.. so I asked the concierge about taxi fare and some nice shopping places.. and this guy just brushed me off and told me that there are taxis parked outside the hotel.. just pay abour 250 rupees to go to marketplaces (not specifying which market places).. and that was it.. he didn't even give me a map or even directed me to the place to get a map or didn't even give me any info about their Travel Desk! So I went through the hotel services on my own and found this &quot;Travel Desk&quot; in the lobby (just a few steps from the concierge) and ended up hiring a driver for about 2000 rupees and went shopping safely and conveniently in downtown Delhi for about 4 hours!Anyways.. other than this.. I do recommend this hotel especially to people who have to catch an early flight and single travelers..	
Jul 29 2009 	Worst hotel in New Delhi	Absolutely the worst hotel, in line with Centour Hotel. Please do not stay here, its s nightmare for a 5*. In my opinion its a 3* max	
Jul 13 2009 	Pleasant Surprise! Superb...	We booked this hotel as it is close to the airport and we needed an overnight stop to make our connection to Ranchi the following day.To be honest, we expected it to be functional and adequate. From the start we were pleasantly surprised. We were met at the airport by a friendly chauffeur: &quot;Welcome to India!&quot; and once in the car offered cold bottled water. The hotel itself was wonderful - we had a room upgrade as one of our daughters was sharing with us. The little extras with the upgrade were so welcome - chocolates, a complimentary drink - and the next morning the breakfast proved to be magnificent. We've stayed in many fine hotels but this one really was a 'hidden gem'.There is a spa which our daughter pronounced very good, and excellent internet facilities. We really did not want to leave! On our return we stayed at the Metropolitan which, while more central and convenient for sightseeing, was not such a pleasant experience.	
Jun 23 2009 	Good choice of Restaurants	The rooms were clean. Staff were courtious. The Hotel has 2 major restaurants. Both were good. Did not have time to check out all the hotel facilties. Located quite close to the airport. Travel desk went out of their way to help us visit Agra. The staff at the business centre were extremely efficient.	
Jun 18 2009 	Convineance at a step	This is a hotel which is closest to the New Delhi International Airport. The Tariffs are moderate but the reception staff needs better grooming.	
Jun 16 2009 	very nice and beautiful hotel	this was the best trip i have ever had , because the hotel was enough for me to feel a good trip of delhi.it is a 5 star hotel with all amenities required for anyone.the services provided were also exellent.	
Jun 13 2009 	so convenient to airport	I can think of no better place to be when facing imminent departure out of DEL-only five minutes to the mayhem of the airport. Great pool and public areas. Sumptous buffet. Very nice policies regarding late check-out prior to boarding AA 293 for 16 hour trip to Chicago.	
Jun 11 2009 	Convinient location	since i traveled for work to Delhi.. radisson seemed to be a convenient hotel because of it location.. it is close to the airport..The restaurant The Great Kebab Factory had delicious indian food. It had a wide variety of vegetarian food..The ambience of the hotel was very nice..The room was very spacious..	
Jun 11 2009 	Short transit stay but felt like home	This was an unplanned stop at Delhi, when my flight was delayed. I was there on a short business trip and had to stay overnight because my flight got cancelled. Since I had no reservation I just walked into the hotel, being the closest to the airport certainly helped. The staff was very courteous and treated me with the warmth as if I were a regular. I was very impressed with the service and it took away all the frustration which I had at the airport. I got a great room, and they also upgraded me to a high floor and a bigger room I guess. A quick tip is that this hotel also has less than 24 hour room booking for people who need the room only for a few hours. The next morning I had a meeting and I used the business center as well. I wasn't too impressed with the business center but then again I don't have anything against them. The food was great, and I also liked the relaxed ambience of the bar/lounge. Overall I think they have done a great job with a property at such a prme location. It is also conviniently located for people who might have work both in Gurgaon and Delhi. I give a thumbs up to this one!	
Jun 10 2009 	Loved the Great Kabab Factory Restaurant	Very near to the ariport, so it is very convienent. This is my &quot;hotel of choice&quot; and have stayed here while I was in India for business and pleasure.I recommend their superior rooms. I like the comfy beds and their hospatality is second to none.You can schedule your pickup/drop from/to the airport with their friendly staff over the phone or online	
Jun 10 2009 	Nice Hotel Good Staff	What food at the kabab factory. absolutely awesome. The room was really nice and we liked it a lot. They were very kind to give us a late check out. Close to the airport, neat and clean and would return	
Jun 9 2009 	stylish property	Featuring excellent service, high standards of comfort and a genuine hospitality, this stylish property is a perfect venue for a pleasant as well as a relaxing stay.Guests can dine at the onsite restaurant that serves delectable Indian, Italian as well as Chinese cuisine. You can also relax at the cafe with snacks and beverages as well as sip on various cocktails at the cosy bar.	
Jun 8 2009 	Badly needs renovation	After staying at Radisson Goa, this hotel was a big let down. The rooms need serious renovations though the breakfast was outstanding. Even check in check out was very efficient. With renovation this can be a hotel of choice for airport transfers and those who want to stay between delhi and gurgaon	
Jun 7 2009 	Good choice if you don't want to explore the city	I was in Delhi on transit. Have chosen this hotel because of two reasons: 1. Name - I didn't want any surprises and was looking for international chain hotel.2. Closeness to airport.The second proved to be useless. If you're going from Delhi to Europe the distance from airport eventually does not matter that much as most of the flights scheduled around midnight or early morning. Roads are anyway empty at that time.Positive sides. Very good and reasonably priced restaurant in the lobby. Nice breakfasts. Free airport transfers from and to airport included. A swimming pool. Annoying. Noisy air conditioning in the room. If you are really sensitive to noises check if your room will have windows towards courtyard. I had a room with windows on highway: actually it's ok, but I know that for someone (like my dad for example) even thick double-glazed windows will not bring quiteness if he gets a highway right in front of his eyes. Personnel in general are nice and friendly. To sum up I would recommend the hotel to those who are not interested in exploring Delhi downtown but need a rest after business meetings or some exotic trips around the country.	
Jun 6 2009 	The beautiful fountain	I had visited to Radison in Oct 2006 .I went there to attend my boss first marriage anniversary The hotel is magnificent and we have never experienced such incredible service before. It was so lovely . It was so hot and busy there, we couldn't wait to get back to the peace and tranquility of the hotel.We stayed on the club level with its own concierge and club lounge where 5 different food presentations are laid out each day. We were just expecting a few nibbles but dinner was awesome. After dinner, we took ice-cream and it was terrific.Although the hotel was expensive but you will surely enjoy and you forget all those money which you spent over there.Waiters are great.Overall I would say this is probably the best hotel we have ever stayed in on holiday. As it's expensive however you want to mix a little luxury with the odd trip to the parks then this is an absolute mustOverall it's best what i experienced:)	
Jun 3 2009	Once more!	- Very apt location, near airport- very good service	
May 25 2009 	wonderful experience	nice servicesnice membership schemesnear to airporteasy to find,overall wonderful five star	
May 23 2009 	Good Food Costly	Hotel is Excellenat, Cost wise is high, for business purpose it is nice hotel	
May 22 2009 	Full marks for Top Class Hotel !!	I travel frequently to Dehli and the Radisson Hotel Delhi is always my first choice.I give full marks for all the staff at the Radisson Hotel Delhi.There is a wide choice of food arrays and and facilities.The Business class rooms are large and very well furnished. But I can say without any reserve that all of the staff are so very professional and always helpful and caring.The best thing about the hotel also is that it is very near to the airport.What else can I say? &quot;its always a pleasure&quot; to stay at The Radisson Hotel Delhi	
May 20 2009 	Very good and friendly Hotel near the Airport-free of charge pick-up	I stayed in the Radisson in Delhi for 1 night, needing to catch a connecting flight the next day. Everything worked perfectly well with the complementary pick up organised from the airport (just indicate your flight number and arrival time to the hotel staff in advance): I arrived very late at night on my own, but encountered no problems as a woman. The driver was very curteous. Hotel check-in very smootly, well trained reception staff, very clean room (one disadvantage: my room showed to the side where the motorway ran past; but not too much noise). Uncomplicated transfer back to the airport the next morning. I can recommend this hotel	
May 12 2009 	Good staying experience	The hotel is positioned in such a location that it is extremely accessible from the airport.The service is excellent. The staff are extremely polite, know what they are doing and helpful.Though I did not get sufficient time to use all the services provided by the hotel I would surely vouch for their service, the great food and room service.	
May 10 2009 	Pricey and boring	Stayed at the Radission just for a night. It is pricey. Everyone knows that. I was staying for a night availing one of their privilege schemes. There was a big problem at the reception to start with. They could not trace the confirmation number given to me. I had a email confirmation with me and had a printout to back my claim. Was made to wait for 30 min till it was sorted out. It appears to me that the privilege scheme that they run is an independent operation run by a third party. Confirmations from the Privilege club do not seem to carry much sanctity. After the hassle checked into the hotel. Room services takes too long for comfort. It makes sense to go down to the restaurants and grab something on the go than wait eternally for the room service to show up. for the kind of price that is being paid , it is definitely the class of service expected. All in all , a disappointing stay.	
May 9 2009 	Best Business Hotel	The best hotel ever statyed on business visit. The best part is the hotel is very close to the Indira Gandhi International Airport. Hence you can avoind most of New Delhi's jap packed roads. Fod is great. Rooms are awesome.	
May 4 2009	Awesome hotel	It is a very good hotel, close to the airport.Very good rooms .Kebab Factory is an awesome eating place.I surely recommend this property.	
May 3 2009 	Luxury with professionalism	I have stayed there a couple of time on a personal visit. This hotel is very conveniently located from the airports (both domestic &amp; international). There was an Indian Airlines shuttle from the airport (i came to know of it as some of my luggage waslate and IC dropped it to the hotel).Anyway, rooms are nice, however, I noted in my 2nd trip that rooms at the back of the hotel have a better view (than of the national highway) and are quieter. The pool and gym were both very good. The Great Kebab Factory serves some excellent kebabs. Staff is frendly and professional. Overall, a good experience.	
May 2 2009 	Nice	It is very convenient place as it is close to the airport and thus saves one from the bad delhi traffic.	
Apr 20 2009 	Best Hotel for Business traveller to Delhi	It is one of the best hotels I have stayed in my life time. Starting from the grand Entry of the hotel to the reception, everything was very smoth. the reception staff was cooperative, thet checked the best deal for the room rate beforehand so that i get the best value for money. After checking in the executive suite on the lounge floor (1st), I rushed to the kebab Factory restaurent, and ordered the five course non-vegetarian kebab meal. Let me tell you that the meal was so delicious , I had never eaten such kebabs in my life. After Dinner I went to my suite, the bed was so elaborately layed with some many pillows to help me catch a sound sleep. In the morning I had my breakfast in the executive Lounge, i throughly enjoyed. When i checked out in the afternoon to go to the airport there was already a luxury sedan waiting for me to drop me at the airport.	
Apr 18 2009 	Great Conference room facilities	Excellent in both hospitality and comfort!!! The business conference room facility where our international conference was held was great!!!! The arrangements made by the hotel management and staff for the conference were excellent!!!Hats off to the Radisson Hotel's service!!!	
Apr 15 2009 	Nice Hotel	We stayed here for one night on our way to Shimla. The airport pick up and drop of service was excellent the drivers were helpful and courteous. The check in was was a breeze, our room was very clean and comfortable. The only down side was it was at the front of the hotel overlooking the National Highway thankfully the double glazing managed to supress most of the noise. The rooms at the back have a better view and are quieter, the pool and gym were both very good. The staff at the hotel were great and could not do enough for you. The choice of resturants is also good in particular NYC the choice of food here is very varied and of a good quality with either a buffet or a la carte menu and good value for money. The hotel is also ideally situated for both the domestic and international airports and saves the 40 to 60 minute drive to the hotels downtown. All in all our one night here was a very pleasant experience.	
Apr 10 2009 	Little bit of luxury	My partner and I stayed at the Radisson the night before our flight home. It is very close to the airport hence why we picked this hotel. From the time we were picked up from the airport to the moment we got dropped off we had first class service. The drivers are so friendly very chatty and helpful. Check was very easy and the staff were super friendly and welcoming. The room was amazing and so was the bathroom. The hotel is incredible so beautfiul and spacious. The Kebab Factory was the best thing. The food there is some of the best we had in India and the service was excellent. The pool and spa are wonderful too. I was recommend this hotel to everyone wanting to stay in Delhi. It was the icing on the cake to a perfect holiday.	
Mar 8 2009 	Everything was perfect	We spent 1 1/2 days here before a midnight flight home and all was wonderful. On internet reservations site we put the flight # and arrival time in Remarks portion and when we walked out of terminal a Radisson man was holding a sign up with our name. We never had to confirm or do anything else. No looking for a hotel shuttle. We were upgraded to the club floor which offered free internet, breakfast and cocktails. We also got a plate with chocolates and a plate with cookies, plus coffee maker, fruit. It looked like the room had been recently refurbished. Incredible bed, wonderful toiletries of all types, big towels, walk in shower (no bath tub), desk, easy chair with ottoman, everything. We ate in coffee shop twice (breakfast buffet was okay) , had drinks in cocktail lounge twice (great service here). They also handled some minor items for us - postage and mailing, shuttle back to airport, reservations confirmation. All in all, this was actually our favorite hotel in India (including a Taj). The hotel is primarily a meeting and stop over place due to airport location (about 2 miles or 15 minutes away) and was very busy with business men (few women were present). The lobby cocktail lounges do a great business - was hard to find a table once.	
Feb 25 2009 	Much much improved	We stayed in the Radisson, Delhi in November 2006 and had an awful experience. The staff then were appalling (rude and condescending and wonderful at ignoring guests) and many things were missing or did not work. We stayed again in November and December 2008 and it is obvious that the appointment of a new resident manager has transformed this hotel. The staff are now pleasant and helpful and everything that should have worked did work – including hot water in the (club) room where all the lights worked (in contrast to our first visit). Reception staff still need to sharpen up their act (it took us 22 minutes to check in the first time and 15 minutes the second) but the improvement is palpable. Our airport transfers were also arranged by the hotel and were very impressive, with uniformed chauffeur. None of this queuing for a shuttle bus; transfers are by car and not shared with other guests – and, on arrival, one is met by a hotel representative as well as the driver.This is now a Radisson at the airport rather than being merely an airport hotel.	
Feb 21 2009 	Great location for business traveler smooth service.	We were returing from a long business trip around Asia and stayed at the Radisson for one night only while waiting for our next morning departure from IGR airport. The location of the hotel was excellent (compared to the traffic in New Delhi in general). Our pick-up from the airport was complimentary and it worked great. The smooth service started from the the pick-up and continued all the way through our short stay. Room was pleasant and the business lounge/centre had everything I needed to work during the evening. The breakfast in lounge was also a very pleasant surprise. Very Indian and in a pleasant way excotic. The next time I visit Delhi, I will most likely use the same hotel due to service, location and reasonble prices. Totti PS. The hotel did also respond to my feedback with one logistical problem in a very fast manner which I value quite highly.	
Feb 17 2009 	Excellent service at a little steep price	Hotel is comfortably located close to the domestic and international airport so one can totally avoid the crazy Delhi Traffic. Hotel offers all one can expect from an international chain. Best part about the hotel is the staff which was really helpful. They not only guided guests to my room who often visited at odd hours but also escorted an acquaintance, who was lost in the vast property, upto the door of my room.	
Feb 5 2009	Good	Very good hotel, Nice clean rooms, We got a real american hamburger at the hotel, first time we got real meat in India.Breakfast was average.	
Jan 13 2009 	Instant service with a smile	While this hotel is everything you would expect for the price what stands out here is the service. Any request was accommodated immediately. Spotless rooms with fresh fruit, chocolates and cookies on arrival. English was never a problem. The breakfast buffet was amazing. We were coming and going from here, both to the jungle and the airport and everything went smoothly. The location might be a bit out of the way if you want to explore New Delhi more but it worked perfectly for us.	
Jan 7 2009 	Does what it says on the can	We spent one night at the Radisson before flying home and it was fine for the purpose required. The room was clean and well appointed although the carpet had definitely seen better days. We were there on New Year's Eve and although the early evening service level in the bar was very good, the same could not be said for the restaurant. The main restaurant was only offering a buffet option, no a la carte menu, and they advised us to use the lobby area restaurant if we wanted to order a la carte. However, when we did so we were told that no gravy items were being served, which essentially wiped out the majority of the Indian side of the menu and left us with a choice of sandwiches and chips. We ordered two starters but the waiter only ordered one of them and then had to do the other later, and the same happened with the main course where we ordered two of the same sandwich but only one arrived. This is fine for an airport hotel but I don't imagine many people would spend more than one night there.	
Dec 11 2008 	Fine for Overnight	We stayed here following a flight which arrived at midnight and before a morning flight the next day.Frankly we could have been anywhere - Chicago, Sydney......However the beds were comfortable, the rooms well appointed and the double glazing very efficient at filtering out the traffic noise from this wonderful city.	
Nov 16 2008 	overpriced room and annoying staff	This hotel was chosen for me by the company's travel desk and I stayed for 4 nights.Being on a business trip, I would not have to care about the price - but the experience was so unpleasant (considering this hotel's rating) that I need to share it.The room:- it was clean, but its better days were definitely over - based on the bathroom alone, the hotel should be rated one or two stars less - but then again, if having marble floor makes you ignore a not-so-clean toilet (and no brush to clean it yourself), you may be just happy with it...The staff:- on arrival, my confirmed reservation was missing from their system; after a few minutes of searching, I was given a room booked for another person... the official justification being that his first name sounded similar to mine (!)- getting a red rose from a male receptionist did make me feel slightly uncomfortable- buying some refreshments in hotel's brasserie turned into a grotesque, when the cashier did not know how to charge the items, called for help and at one point there were 5 employees loudly discussing the problem; but hey, what am I complaining about, I was able to take my buns to the room in the end.- staff does not really understand the border line between &quot;helpfull and friendly&quot; and &quot;annoyingly intrusive&quot; - they were overdoing it time and time again:- waiter in one of the hotel's restaurant asking about my satisfaction every couple of minutes; when I finally finnished the diner, I was virtually forced to fill in some kind of evaluation form for him- when trying to relax in the pool, the attendant asked whether I would be interested in a drink or perhaps jacuzzi; nothing wrong with that, and I politely said I was doing just fine - only to be forced to repeat it (not so politely anymore) two more times, as he was coming back with the same questions again and againsummary: this is in no way a five star hotel - what a waste of money, which even the close distance from the airport cannot compensate...	
Jul 5 2008 	Excellent airport layover spot	Flights from US to India usually arrive in the early evening, with connecting domestic flights not leaving unitl the next morning.This hotel is only ten minutes from the Delhi airport and is a great spot to spend the night before traveling on.be sure to let the hotel know when you're going to arrive, and they will have a car and driver waiting for you at the airport. That will save you time and avoid the taxi chaos.Service is abundant and excellent. The rooms are very well-maintained, with up-to-date fixtures and amenities.	
Mar 28 2008 	useful airport stopover	Arriving in Delhi from Europe is often a surreal experience, usually taking in an early morning landing after a long flight. The close proximity of the Radisson to the airport and the reliable transfer service are significant plusses. The hotel is avarage in quality, but comfortable enought to let you acclamatise to India. The restaurant still has a menu on at 2am which makes a useful top up after airline food. Hotels in Delhi are all expensive but the Radisson is good value for money. If transitting Delhi it is a worthwhile resting place.	
Mar 26 2008	Terrible overpriced experience	We stayed at the Radisson in the luxury suite and paid a very high premium price. The worst issue was the deplorable condition of the room. The first deluxe room smelled horrible, like mould, and you could see water damage on the walls. (The smell made me sick and was intolerable.) The bed was uneven with a convex shape. We complained and were moved to another room and it did smell a bit better, and were provided a very small discount when we checked out. However the room again had water damage and both rooms were not in good repair and were dated in their appearance. The bathrooms were cramped and not at all luxurious. The linens were average with below average, scratchy and small sized robes. We also were not given the level of service and concern we would expect at this price, especially concerning the deplorable condition of the first room and the less than average condition of the second &quot;deluxe&quot; room. The pool itself &quot;looks&quot; gorgeous but was is terrible condition with thick scum in the &quot;hot&quot; tub. The main pool was ice cold. The business centre was expensive and was not even included in this 'luxury room'.We would not normally complain regarding a hotel but this was so terrible we needed to say something.	
Mar 15 2008 	Benign hotel... and seems to be getting better	The Radisson is a decent hotel close to the airport and it's proximity is it's main feature. It is undergoing extensive rennovations and I look forward to their completion. I've stayed there a number of times, most recently in Feb 08.Check InUsually takes quite some time but is steadily getting faster. For some reason they don't seem to enter all details when the reservation is made, so there is much typing going on during the process, and rooms are never pre-allocated even for repeat guests.Rooms.I've never had a standard room, only executive suite and these two room suites are nice. The a/c works well in most of them, beds are firm, room is spacious, internet works, but the rooms are old and -while VERY clean - are due for a re-fit.GymSmall, but has 2 new life-fitness ellipticals and 2 new + 2 old treadmills. 2 bikes as well. Only one tv so one must share which is something I don't like to do when relieving the boredom of my workout. Some circuit weight machines and some free weights / dumbells. Nicest feature of the gym is the hotel will readily open it at any hour on request. FoodThe Chinese restaurant is quite good. Bar food is OK. Bar itself has no ventilation so if you're a non-smoker it's intolerable but the lobby lounge area is quite nice and has good service. Breakfast in the club lounge is very limited and service in the club lounge is shoddy. The breakfast presented looks like they took the chafing dishes from last night's wedding and just put them out again for breakfast. Breakfast in the restaurant (coffee shop) is a wee bit better.ServiceConstantly improving. Check OutNot well enough staffed... often there are long queues at check out and since they take 10 minutes per person, a 3 person wait can easily be 1/2 hour!Overall, this is a tolerable hotel in New Delhi. Not well located for business meetings in the city, but the ideal choice for transit or for meetings on that side of the city.	
Jan 29 2008 	Great experience	I was thrilled with the service at the Radisson New Delhi. They picked us up from the airport. Then when we arrived they offered us free upgrades for our rooms. It was a wonderful experience to stay at such a nice hotel. I would recommend the Radisson to anyone who wants to stay by the airport. For those who want to see the city, the Radisson is rather far from the city.	
Jan 14 2008 	Radisson Delhi is pretty good	Rates are very high (Rs.13K/night and up), but that's Delhi.Rooms are normal size; We found KSize bed very comfortable-matress' are firm (if you dislike firm, you will dislike the bed).TV was old, small. Channel selections minimal.Fitness center is very small, borderline claustraphobic (sp?).Front and other staff seemed friendly at all our interactions.Cleanliness was fine in rooms and public areas.Restaurants are under refurb., and the Italian serves as a multi-cuisine cafe/diner/buffet potpurri (sp?).Food was fine. Room service Indian dishes were very tasty, but very expensive.Mystery to me why dishes like yellow dal, green salad, Biryani, etc always have to be 5-8X the cost of what they are outside the hotel. You cant catch any breaks in Indian 5Star hotels when it comes to food or drink; you will be gouged with amazing consistency.Club Level lounge here runs &quot;happy hour&quot; till 930PM, which is much more realistic than, say, the Crowne Plaza at New Friends Colony, which has the ignorant habit of closing at 8PM (about the time you will get back from a reg. day of business and need tranquilization).Club Lounge staff are very nice folk here.Mainly, be advised, hotel literature will explain that extensive renovations are underway (no ETA given, must be Q3FY08 or later). So, rooms, restaurants, health clun and spa will all be MUCH nicer later than they are now.Undoubtedly. But that doesn't diminish your obligation to hand over US$400.+/night for a property that is going to be &quot;much improved&quot; later. For now its, clean, safe, comfortable and warmly decorated (and in dire need of renovations).Other note: The Grand Hotel located about 5Km from here at Vasant Kunj, is nicer overall, but the &quot;modern&quot; decor and floor plan of the rooms there is so off-putting to me that I just hate it; don't like to stay there just for that.It has better fitness center, foodservice, TV and general lay-out than the Radisson, at about the same cost and roughly same &quot;airport&quot; location.	
Jan 10 2008 	good experience	Stayed three times at the radisson delhi with my wife and 3 daughters.Hotel is about 45 minutes from the Red fort but close to the Qtub Minar and Airport.Rooms are good and clean and restaurents serve excellent cuisine.The staff are extemely helpful and they upgraded us on our last 2 nights and offered us late check-out.Not in the city center but a very good experience.	
Jan 10 2008 	Excellent Airport Hotel -	Stayed here for 3 nights pre and post our trip around India. Excellent standard of rooms with a great free airport shuttle. I'Ching restaurant is superb with good food and attentive service. Staff were helpful and courteous and the breakfast was also good. Recommended	
Dec 20 2007 	Terrible Experience	I was traveling to Nepal and had a stopover in Delhi. Although the room was terribly expensive, I have had good experiences with the Radisson chain in the past and it was close to the airport. The Delhi hotel was awful. My room was not clean, but the worst part was the staff. They were rude and condescending whenever I asked for help or made any request. For over $400.00, I would expect to be treated respectfully. Whatever hotel you pick, don't stay at the Delhi Radisson!!	
Dec 20 2007	Somewhat bland business hotel but a real haven	The Radisson is a fairly bland place, full of earnest local business people in suits, with tedious canned muzak playing in the foyer. But it turned out to be a real haven when we stayed there at the beginning and end of a 5 day Indian tour. We arrived before 7 am after an exhausting flight from London, and were warned that we might not get our room until after twelve noon, but they actually gave us our room at 8 am, which meant we could crash out for a few hours before our first organised tour of Delhi in the afternoon - we really needed that! At the end of our tour, the hotel was once again a real haven, suffering as we were from the final stages of Delhi Belly. Our rooms were at the back of the hotel, away from the flyover, and were spacious, clean and very comfortable. Service was friendly, courteous and efficient. The food was good as well - the Great Kebab Factory Restaurant was closed for &quot;regradation&quot;, but the Mediterranean Restaurant had some good Indian dishes on the menu, and we enjoyed a truly delectable Indian vegetarian meal on our first evening. Breakfasts were excellent as well. All in all, we had good reason to be thankful for being at the Radisson.	
Oct 28 2007 	Accomdations okay Service lacking	Stayed at the Radisson, Delhi for about a week. Although the room and hotel were well kept, overall I was not impressed with the service. I had arranged for an early check-in since my flight landed early morning. The Radisson driver received me at the airport, however, upon check-in I had to wait about 20 mins for a room to be prepared. (I booked a superior room through Travelocity).The 'superior' room was small and was lacking a safe and min-bar, which for me are both necessities. Also I noticed the window view was of the highway and also the decorative balcony was filled with bird droppings. I requested to be shifted to a room with a safe at a minimum and that night my request was accommodated and I shifted into a business room.The business room had a safe, min-bar and view of the terrace so I was complacent with the accommodation. The service, however, was a different story. To be fair, some services were up to par, for example room service and business center services were fine.However I found the staff overall to be unfriendly and not very well trained. My previous Delhi stays were at the Taj Palace, which in comparison provides excellent customer service in all aspects.While working out in the gym, for example, staff did not seem to know to turn on the AC when customers were working out. Instead they were busy vacuuming which added to the stuffiness and poor ventilation in the gym. When I asked for assistance in programming the treadmill, apparently the English speaking gym attendant was not around, so another staffer experimented with the different buttons to try and help. I used the treadmill in quick start mode alternatively. Later when the English speaking gym attendant returned, he spent some time training the junior staffers on how to program the machines (for customers like myself during his absence). This all happened on the treadmill next to mine during my workout so it was very annoying. I really doubt the English skills and English fluency of the staff. Once, when I had completed my workout and was set to leave, a staffer suddenly appeared and awkwardly asked, &quot;May I assist you Sir?&quot; I felt that he might have been practicing his English with me, as the timing of his delivery was just awkward. One other thing about the gym, I asked to use the steamroom. Since it was under renovation, they asked if I'd like to use the Jacuzzi. I agreed, however later I found an attendant filling up an oversized bathtub with water in the locker room area. When I realized that was the Jacuzzi, I declined to use it.In the breakfast buffet, I found the staff only spoke when spoken to. And aside from notifying customers that the buffet was going to close shortly, they did not provide much service. Many times they were standing around waiting to provide service. But hardly ever did they offer their services without being called. This was the opposite of the service I experienced at Taj Palace (during my previous Delhi stays) where staff went out of their way to provide exceptional service. In fact, Taj staff acknowledged my presence at every opportunity with greetings like Good Morning Mr. Khanna, or by opening the door or elevator. On the other hand, Radisson service was lacking. I once passed the lobby staff on the way to the restaurant and found them exchanging silent glances with me without uttering a word.Overall, I have no complaints with the amenities and accommodations. However, having previously stayed at a 5 star hotel that provides superior service, I found Radisson’s service to be less than satisfactory.	
Jul 30 2007 	Nice convenient stopover in Delhi	I stayed here one night during a business trip as our flight from US came in too late for us to get the domestic flight to the office on same day. Overall, a good hotel would stay here again if needed, most of the cons are pretty picky.Pros:Very close to the airport (10-15 mins)The hotel provided transportation to and from the airport (pre-arranged by my admin)QuietCleanLots of storageGood ACDeep, long tub (for width - see cons)Hot water w/ great pressureComplimentary 1L water, cookies, fruit, chocolate in roomCons:Narrow tub (tight fit for me, a typical overweight American)Had to call IT for wireless access, overpriced (400 R for 2 hr)TV had no service (admittedly, I didn't call to have it fixed)Alarm clock did not have a backlight or LED to read the time in the darkThings I cannot judge:Room service / food quality - but there is food available 24 hrs a dayQuality of the lounge in the club floorOne note: The woman checking out at the same time as me had big problems with her bill due to phone calls - she was charged each time she got a bad connection &amp; hung up and tried again. Recommend calling the front desk if this happens rather than having to fight the charges like she did.	
Jun 22 2007 	A Positive Experience at the Radisson	I found my stay at the Radisson to be a very pleasant one. First, its very close to the airport and therefore very suitable for business travelers or anyone that needs to get to the airport in a hurry. I stayed on the club floor, and must say that the rooms on that floor were very nice. It was a suite with a very large living space and large bedroom, two bathrooms. The room was well appointed and I was impressed with the nice selection of magazines and newspapers they provided in the room. The breakfast was quite good as well. The pool looked really nice, although I did not go in. The one drawback was that the surrounding area was not so nice. I believe there was a wall, so perhaps you wouldn't see it while at the pool.I also stayed at the Taj Palace in Delhi and found the Radisson to be infinitely nicer and newer. Although I disagree with the five star rating, (its probably somewhere between a three and four), its certainly a solid hotel for business travelers. I would definitely stay here again if I were to come back to Delhi and need to be near the airport.	
Jun 17 2007 	Great hotel near the airport	If you need to be near the airport and need a nice clean place to stay, then stay at the radisson. the food in the restaurants were good. the bed is hard. the room is clean (typical of a chain hotel). the service was good. we paid about $150usd.	
Jun 11 2007 	Good choice near airport	Were picked up at the airport by a nice driver from the Radisson near the airport, which had been recommended by a friend whose parents live in New Delhi. Quite nice and convenient to the airport, though not cheap and I thought it was a little musty for an upscale hotel. But wonderful buffet breakfast—the best of the trip. Would only stay there if I were flying into Delhi in the evening and flying out the next morning, but a very good choice for that purpose.	
May 12 2007 	Suitable for business overpriced like all hotels in the area	I stayed here on business a number of time between January and June 2006 and would recommend it as a place to stay when on business or if you need to be close to the aiport.Like all hotels in Delhi, this place is overpriced for what you get but with the big influx of multinationals to Gurgaon over the last few years the hotel prices have increased dramatically - supply v demand at the end of the day.The hotel is clean, the staff friendly and the complimentary airport shuttle is a bonus. The rooms are large but somewhat worn and could do with being upgraded. The bed is hard.The food is fine with a good variey of both local and European options. The pool area is fine - pleasant enough as a place to spend a few hours.Be sure to have a driver and dont expect to walk anywhere locally as there realy isnt much of interest in the area. If you can tolerate the traffic its preferable to stay in Delhi or if on a bigger budget stay at the Trident Hilton in Gurgaon - definitely a few classes above this hotel.	
Mar 7 2007 	Overpriced- not to go place if you can avoid	I stayed there for 2 nights. The hotel compares to a 3 star facility in Canada although they call it 5 star. The rates are overpriced for what the hotel offers. The rooms are at best 3 star. The hotel restuarant is basic- nothing fancy about it. The buffet is cold food even if hot. If you have a choice stay somewhere else because for this price you can probably get a better hotel	
Mar 6 2007 	An unfortunate shame in the Radisson experience	I like the Radisson experience. It is usually a very nice hotel even if standard and sometimes unoriginal managed by very nice people.In the case of the one in Delhi, the rooms have space even if it is already a little deprecated. The restaurants provide nice cuisine and have very nice personnel.The swimming pool is rather small and the swimming pool personnel is quite absent. The spa is small but efficient. Very nice massages.The main problem in the hotel is the front desk that has a lot of difficulties to crack a smile (even if some of them do make an effort, they are too small a number) and also is quite unefficient.They really need to learn what means 'customer service'! For the price asked by this hotel, one would not expect such displeasure.	
Mar 1 2007 	An Airport Hotel - Nothing More Nothing Less	It's amusing to read the extremes that people experienced, now I've visited the hotel. Obviously it's down to personal experience - and individual personalities - as I found this hotel to be very neutral. It's negatives (RIGHT outside a noisy brand new 6 lane overpass, thin walls &amp; doors, very little to see or do on foot) are outweighed by the positives (clean rooms, very polite staff, rose on the bed at turn-down - haha).The overpass is really new and as a result, the hotel doesn't seem to be as soundproofed as it should be - especially if you're at the from of the hotel.If you can't get anything better in the area - this place isn't going to ruin your life but I would suggest you try and look for availability at the higher ranking places first. Also make sure you hire a driver for the day, rather than booking taxis - you'll save lots of money.	
Feb 24 2007 	Aweful Treatment	We have just returned from a wonderful two week stay in India. Everywhere we stayed we were well treated and there wre no problems. We came in from a Varanasi flight which was late in. When we arrived, the Radisson said they knew nothing about our booking. They would not accept our agent in Delhis attempts to send faxes of the copy bookings. Our men came out of their offices in Delhi to sort out the problem. They either do not have a working system for bookings or more likely they overbook and if you are late ....you have had it!!!!The lobby manager just looked blank and it took our guide from the airport and me and then the directors of the Indian part of our tour company to get anywhere. The result was being sent to the Grand Hotel for the night. They need training to deal with customer complaints and they need to stop over booking. This is not the way to treat clients. One and a half hours of arguing in the lobby after a tiring day is just not on. I had to insist on a more senior manager coming down as the guy in the lobby didn't have any idea how to behave. I wouldn't recommend anyone to take a chance on this place as it was difficult with support. If you arrive without local help you would be left with no where to sleep for the night!	
Jan 15 2007 	Fantastic Concierge Desk service...	Date: Dec 6 2006.We had missed the flight and needed a hotel for one night. Turns out hotels were impossible to find in Delhi that weekend due to doctor convention. We came to Radisson and were impressed by lobby and the front-desk staff. We wanted to take the room but they had none available. They were booking their own customer at other hotels (due to over booking). The concierge desk guy (forgot his name) was superb.He must have spent 1 hr trying to find us another 5* hotel. Finally we left in with our driver to look around other hotels. We could not get reservation anywhere. Called back Radisson and he said he will try again. We had lunch there and he indeed found us a nice 4* hotel very near airport (15 minute by car) Hotel Icon. (I will have another report for this). We loved the hotel Icon tower. Any way I must say Radisson concierge staff went out of their way to find us accomodation.Robert	
Dec 14 2006 	Fantastic hotel	Stayed here in early December for one night. Needed to be close to the airport due to an early morning flight back to the UK.Previously stayed in Le Meridien Delhi for a comparable price. This hotel is far better! The Lobby area is huge and quite impressive. There are several dining options as well as a bar. Opted for room service instead as I didn't have enough time. It was somewhat expensive but the food was pretty good and there was a very good selection available.This was my first trip to India and having stayed in three hotels in five days, I quickly learned that the rooms can be quite noisy, especially if you have a standard room facing the front of the hotel. The noise from the traffic is awful. Luckily I had booked a quiet room towards the back of the hotel. It was slightly more expensive but definitely worth it for the extra sleep (I needed to wake up at 4am). The room was pretty big, well furnished, comfortable, good decor and the bathroom was fine with nice toiletries. I couldn't locate a safe in the room, despite looking around the room twice. I thought this was very bizarre. As I was there for just a night it wasn't an issue.If you need to be very close to the airport and you want a good luxury hotel - stay here! I couldn't find any other hotel in the vicinity of the airport that would be anywhere near as good as this one.	
Nov 16 2006	pleasant airport hotel	I note mixed comments in other reports but we found the staff helpful , room was more than adequate and good hotel facilities . Nice pool and the Kebab restaurant is excellent . Overall no complaints and would stay here again .	
Nov 14 2006	OK but...	Stayed here for 2 nights, one at the beginning of our holiday and one at the end. In general the hotel was very good. However, on both nights our room was at the front of the hotel and there was considerable traffic noise. Also, the guy in charge of calling taxis at the front of the hotel uses his microphone all night to do this, and that too disturbed our sleep. When the huge flyover in front of the hotel finally opens, I can only think this will be a hotel to be avoided. Staff were all very friendly and helpful.	
Oct 24 2006 	Everything you'd expect from a 4* airport hotel	It was a relief to see the man with the Radisson sign as we left the dump that is Delhi airport! A short drive later and we were, quite honestly, stunned by the hugely impressive lobby of the Radisson. The rooms, unfortunately, are not as impressive and are showing signs of wear, but they do the job. The hotel has a number of large restaurants, from formal to coffee shop style, plus a beauty salon, pool etc. We had a club room so had breakfast in the club lounge, a little oasis of quiet on the first floor with very polite and professional service. A car from our hotel in Agra then arrived to pick us up and off we went, glad we had been able to avoid downtown Delhi until later in our holiday. One tip - if you are flying OUT of Delhi late at night, the hotel offers short-stay rates for a few hours but you need to contact them directly to book. This is far better than hanging around the airport, which has almost no shops and a very small waiting area.	
Aug 22 2006 	Bad!	Went there for one night as my flight home was the next morning. Thank god it was one night!The reception staff missed my reservation, they had the wrong spelling of my name. I only found my reservation through my agent! The rooms were small, and full of stains on virtually everything. The towels in the bathroom had holes you put you hands in! We had two electricity blackouts in one day.The breakfast was fine but with bad service.Would stay in the Oberoi New Delhi next time.	
Aug 18 2006 	Felt very cared for!		
Aug 10 2006 	It is a Radisson.		
Jul 12 2006	Uncomfortable stay		
Apr 11 2006	Nice hotel		
Apr 10 2006	Short stay		
Mar 4 2006	Terrible		
Sep 23 2005	Excellent for Airport and Delhi in general		
Aug 30 2005 	Excellent compound in Delhi		
Sep 3 2004	So So in Delhi		
Jun 24 2004	Great Hotel for the Airport		
Oct 24 2007 	Ziemlich runtergekommen!		
