Nov 16 2009	FEEL JUST LIKE HOME	amarya garden,located in posh area is the best hotel where u can relax just like your own home.it has beautiful interiors,absolutely clean and furnished rooms and provides basic facilities like internet access,laundry,television,centrally air conditioned.it provides 24 hour room service with facilities like doctor on call,travel desk,conference,electronic safe lockers and not only this airport pick up and drop,taxi service,well mannered staff-best that i have ever met,always looking forward to welcome its guests with qualityservice.its the hotel which offers comfortable accomodation at a reasonable price	
Nov 16 2009 	amarya garden is a nice hotel with nice response to any querygreat food	amarya garden is a nice hotel with good staff, nice response to any query,taste of food is really good.you must stay in this hotel........just go there and see..............	
Aug 17 2009 	Can't say enough good things about this place.	After traveling throughout India for three months, I can say that this was one of my favorite places of the entire trip. I think Amaraya Garden really colored my experience of Delhi, and it's a big reason why I enjoyed the city so much.The location is great, because it's in Defense Colony which is a lovely neighborhood. The rooms are beautiful and the staff was the best we encountered the entire trip. Breakfast is included and they tell you to order anything you want. And they mean it. Most importantly, it's obvious that the owners want you to walk away having the best experience possible. That is supposed to be the motto of any hotel, but the people here actually follow through with action. Amaraya Garden is owned by two Frenchmen, but one was out of the country when we were there. The other owner, Alex, was a fantastic host. We stayed for four nights, but I would have been happy staying there indefinitely. I think the reason we loved the hotel so much was that they were able to make an incredibly refined B&amp;B that felt like a home we had been living in for months. I can't explain it better than that. If you're staying in Delhi, this should be the first place you try to stay. It's a great value and it will greatly enhance your time in Delhi.	
Aug 11 2009 	FABULOUS	If like us you like this kind of hotels where you just feel like at home, where you are expecting for a welcoming friendly and personnalized service, here is the place you should go in Delhi. We stayed there 2 nights after a nice trip around India right before flying back to Europe, and if it had been possible to stay longer we would have signed immediately. The rooms are lovely, very well decorated and EXTREMELY clean (which is a great point in India!). The hotel is tiny and that might be one of the reason why the staff is taking a so good care of you. Baptiste, one of the manager, was absolutely lovely to us and made us feel like at home. Anything we were asking, he could do it or find it for us, he recommended us a wonderfull restaurant, give us the perfect spot to try yoga, and the dance show he proposed us was just extraordinary great. Even if it was very hot outside, the garden is the perfect place to relax and enjoy a book with a cocktail. We wish we could go back next time we visit India. If you are looking for a room in Delhi, do not even think twice and go there !!	
Jul 5 2009 	A real treasure - what a wonderful introduction to Delhi	While my partner had travelled to India many time on business, it was my first time. The Amarya Gardens was such a wonderful way to ease myself into India - spacious room, beautifully decorated, very clean with incredible service. Staff very friendly and owner gave us great advice on how to approach Delhi and our days there (Go to Karim's restaurant - I still dream of the food there). Breakfast was fabulous, very fresh and delicious. The building itself was unique and the garden a welcome respite from our sightseeing. We loved it - would definitely go back.	
Jun 27 2009 	An oasis of calm.	Excellent food, lovely ambience, quiet &amp; restful. Its like a home away from home. Nice location with the Defence Colony market within walking distance. Rooms are very clean and so's the bathroom. Excellent service, very friendly staff - an oasis of calm in a city like Delhi. We liked their use of hand crafted soaps and toiletries as well as the clean linen. Much better than many places in Delhi which charge you more for less. Will definitely stay there again. Only downside is that locks on the doors need to be changed.	
May 22 2009 	Charming Boutique Hotel with great ambience a beautiful garden and so centrally located!	We had the most memorable stay here and would love to return again and again! We stayed in the &quot;Golden Room&quot; - it was so grand and spacious, beautifully decorated and very very clean indeed! The bathroom was spacious and very clean too. The Dining Room and the lounge had a lovely ambiance and it was so tastefully decorated, I loved the chandelier in the Dining Area. We were served lovely breakfast in the garden, and were greeted by one of the French owners, who was so charming and caring. The entire staff was very attentive and polite and always attended to our needs. I would definitely recommend this charming, beautiful boutique hotel to everybody - just experience it!	
May 14 2009 	Perfect in every way!!	My daughter had been on a gap year in Southern India and we decided to meet her in Delhi and spend a few days together. We chose the hotel based on the reviews in Trip Advisor and we were not disappointed. Tthe hotel is run by a French couple who are in the textile business. This is almost a new venture for them as they were responding to the needs of others in the textile industry that come to Delhi frequently. Its not a normal hotel and I would best describe it as staying at home with concerned parents. It even looks like a family home and has the same feel. When my daughter came up from Goa they picked her up at the airport and provided her with a driver to get around during the day and fed her for three days before we showed up. The driver plus car cost about £12 - £15 per day which is very reasonable. All the staff are very attentive and the breakfasts were excellent. The hotel is in a gated enclosure of a couple of square miles and all the gates bar one close at night. That can be tricky later on when you eat outside the community. Fortunately the shops and restaurants inside are very good and varied so there is no need to venture.outside.	
Mar 22 2009 	Exceptionally well run staffed and comfortable botique hotel	This review is authored by a 66 year old Professor from a major research university in the USA who has stayed in countless hotels, large and small, around the world. From the arrangements for a driver to initially meet me and subsequently return me to the airport, the managers and staff of the Amarya Garden hotel worked tirelessly to ensure my stay at their hotel was comfortable and that my every need was given personal attention. Alex and Matheu are excellent managers of the hotel and truly care about their guests every need. Athaliya, Pasha, Charles and the other members of the staff act as if they are also owners in that they attend to every need with a smile and a &quot;can do&quot; attitude. The rooms and beds are large, very comfortable and quiet. The garden area contains many beautiful plantings and serves as a lovely place for meals. The chefs are well trained and can prepare an exceptional meal around almost any theme: Indian, vegetarian, Continental, etc. The hotel has arrangements with an excellent taxi service staffed with drivers who know Deli well and are attentive to their customers needs. As such, I personally award this hotel the maximum number of stars for an exceptionally comfortable five day stay in a bustling capital city.	
Mar 5 2009 	This is the one in New Delhi	This is the most lovely place. Friendly, clean, great food, comfortable rooms and beds, in a safe convenient little enclave in New Delhi. Thank you other TA members who reviewed it. We met Alex who is one of the owners and he is just great. He employs lovely staff, Delphine, Gregoire and Jaspreet (who dealt with our booking in such a prompt and sweet way) deserve a very special mention.The hotel is in a very safe area, they have a guy on guard during the night outside just in case. Its lovely and quiet with trees in the garden yet Delhi is right out the gate and turn left or right and walk a bit, lots of shops restaurants within easy reach. Its not far from the airport.We used the hotel as a base during our month away returning there in the middle and at the end, 6 nights in all. They kept luggage for us that we didnt need on the various parts of our trip. Our room was perfect each time we returned with lovely flowers, clean beds, lots of lovely soaps, (see the previous review), towels, bath robes, in fact everything you would expect from 5* but most definitly not at a 5* price.Can not miss a mention for their cooks and chefs. They offer 24 hour restaurant/room service and they really mean it. You can get any kind of food you fancy any time. Just ask, Indian, fabulous, French, delicious, Mexican literally anything. They have got chefs from some great places including the US Embassy I believe. We had some of the best food of our trip at Amarya Garden.Thank you Alex and all the staff we hope to be back again one day soon.	
Feb 19 2009 	Excellent response to reservation query	I sent an email query and received a prompt and pleasant answer. They efficiently followed up again to remind me that they were still holding the room for me. Unfortunately my trip plans changed and I can't stay at Amarya Garden. But I am impressed with their professionalism and I will certainly stay there in the future.	
Jan 11 2009 	Amazing Amarya!!	I simply cannot praise Amarya Garden and the staff enough! We stayed 4 nights over Christmas and it was just a fantastic experience, especially as it was our first time in Delhi.The room was lovely, the breakfast room, lounge, garden were all just beautifully decorated and kept. The staff were all really nice and helpful, especially Delphine, and well, I do not think I have ever praised a place this much!It is not cheap for India, but what a treat it is and when summed up it is total value for money.I can highly resommend Amarya Garden	
Jan 5 2009 	Absolutely brilliant the best antidote to a busy day in Delhi	We booked directly with the hotel and stayed there in December on either side of a friend's wedding in Gujurat. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend the hotel to anyone, it is lovely. We were bowled over by how belpful everyone was, and even though the hotel only has 4 rooms it has everything you could need. We ate in the hotel several times and were very pleased with the food, the chef is around most of the time and you can pretty much decide what you would like and when, instead of having a fixed menu.It's not far into the centre of town - about 20 minutes by moto-rickshaw. I have to say that Delhi is quite hard work, in my opinion, but I would say that having somewhere as restful as this to go back to at the end of the day was well worth the money.We stayed in the Gold Room, which was really lovely. The room was enormous and had a comfortable bed (!!!), occasional furniture and nice bathroom. Really nice decor, it's like being in a quirky friend's house.Just an indication of the thoughtfulness of the staff, it was my husband's birthday on one of the days we stayed and they gave him a lovely bouquet of flowers! In short, if I was going back to Delhi I wouldn't think twice about staying here again. In fact, I wish they would open some in other places too!	
Nov 9 2008 	an oasis in Dehi; a wonderful find	If you are not particularly into generic five star hotels, then stay at Amarya Garden or Haveli during your time in Delhi. I have been to Delhi many times and stayed at a variety of hotels. Amarya Garden was by far the best - the location is great (Defence Colony in South Delhi), the rooms are beautifully decorated in a funky and individual way and the service is excellent. Both the Garden and Haveli (in Hauz Khas) are more guest houses than hotels but that is part of the charm for me. Neither have many rooms but both operate a 24 hour kitchen, do laundry and can arrange transport services. They both have wifi internet and one night we decided to stay in and they prepared us a lovely dinner. Breakfast is also served as the norm and in the Garden you can eat it in the garden. If your budget stretches to it I would chose the Garden but we also stayed in the Haveli and it was lovely. I will definitely stay again and recommend it to all my friends.	
Sep 3 2008 	Funky and wonderful!	What a delightful place the Amarya Garden is! I have not experienced a nicer place to stay in any of India's metropolitan centres. Staying at the Amarya Garden is like staying at the house of a friend with good taste, but with all of the comfort and service of a good hotel. With just four rooms, the place is cozy, and guests get full run of the funky sitting and dining rooms. The service is wonderful, and there is 24-hour room service, including reasonably priced wine and beer. Delphine, the manager, and all of the staff were incredibly kind and friendly throughout our short stay.Our room, the Green Room, was very nicely appointed - scented candles, comfy pillows, a little balcony shaded by a large tree, and a modern bathroom with a rainhead shower. The breakfasts were wonderful, including French-style crepes and perhaps the best cup of coffee we had in our 2 months in Delhi.There are lots of other small touches - free wireless internet; they can arrange a car and driver, and charge it directly to your room bill so you don't have to worry about negotiating with the driver; they even do mobile phone hire at a decent rate. The location is great - just 5 minutes' walk to Defence Colony market, with its plethora of good restaurants, bars, and shops. There is no question that I will stay here again on my next visit to Delhi!	
Jan 27 2008	Amazing	If you do only one thing in Delhi, then stay at Amarya Garden! this place is amazing and probably the best place i have stayed. Its a little boutique place - only 4 bedrooms (so book ahead!). We had the gold room which was just stunning and the service is exceptional. Breakfast is amazing as is dinner and nothing is too much trouble. The hotel is located in a quiet residential area and v quiet (which is heaven after been in India for 2 months). It was my last stay in India after 2 months and I'm glad I stayed there - just wish it could have been longer!	
Dec 27 2007 	Tranquillity amongst chaos	What can I say about this place...........pretty special and one that goes down as a must when recommending to others. The room, the people, the service, simply impeccable. My partner and I stayed here after three weeks touring around India and this really did represent the best way to sign off a great three weeks. Unlike the big five star hotels which provide exorbitant fees but not much else, Amarya Garden's represent value of money if there is such a thing.A big thank you to the hotel manager Aparna Sethi and her attentive staff who couldn't have done anymore to make us both feel welcome. The homely atmosphere was even more welcome when my partner developed a bout of Delhi Belly and Gandhi's revenge at the same time. Their caring attitude was a real plus for which Anna will be always grateful. I could go on, but I think you get the message. You can stay at a lot cheaper places and a lot more. This is the best of both worlds. I just hope anyone staying on my recommendation likes the place as much as ourselves. Enjoy.	
Nov 5 2007 	Haven	If you've heard about Amarya Garden (or it's sister Amarya Haveli which is apparently wonderful) then you'll probably already know how exceptional it is. It's away from the main tourist areas but you'd be lucky to find a hideaway like this anywhere in the centre. My room was a cocoon in the mayhem of Delhi, combining European taste with Indian history. The staff made me feel incredibly welcome - like a guest in their home. In fact it is more like a home than a hotel. It is in a residential area but that means you can come and go hassle-free and take an autorickshaw or taxi wherever you need to go. Worth every penny (and it cost quite a few!) but still cheaper than some of the ropey hotels on offer in Delhi.	
Aug 9 2009 	Un petit coin de paradis		
Jan 28 2009 	Hôtel à recommander		
