Nov 22 2009 	Big improvement in this hotel	Was having some trepidation about staying here due to earlier reviews but was pleasantly surprised at what we came across in the hotel. Yes the temporary reception &quot;room&quot; is not ideal but new reception due to be ready by next January. The rooms were excellent, large, clean and well equipped. However we were in rooms which have been upgraded and, as far as we could find out approximately half of the rooms still require upgrading. Restaurant food was fairly good but a fairly limited choice. Bar area was okay but dirty from dust from construction work (probably would be closed by EHS in UK).	
Jun 5 2009 	Nice Location	The only thing good about this hotel is location. It located in Connaught place which is the heart of Delhi. The rooms are very big &amp; spacious but not well maintained. The room service is okay &amp; food definitely not very palatable. Only thing is that you can just walk around &amp; have good joints within 10 min walking distance.	
Jun 3 2009	LOcation was good	Not worth the rent charged; food not very good; rooms look old with stained walls; albeit large; should be maintained properly; may not stay their the next time	
May 9 2009 	Average Stay	Hotel Janpath location is good and close to connaught Place.Service is slow. Front desk response is average	
Apr 20 2009 	Rip off	I know this review is coming late but when I saw the hotel on the dirtiest list of India I had to weigh in. It was the worst rip off of my life. Paid 160 USD for one night at what was supposed to be a 4 star hotel. It was just horrible. Driving up to it I knew something was wrong as it looked like a govt. dept building. Lobby was shabby but proved to be the best thing about it. Lifts, corridors and path to room was filthy and badly lit. Room was horrible. Wouldn't lock properly. Toilet was grimy. Beds were uneven. It was 12 midnight and I couldn't find another hotel. Slept with a chair jammed against the door. Stay away.	
Apr 17 2009	Good Restaurant with live Ghajals program	The hotel is okay but we liked the restaurant more because of its good food and live ghajals program. its good to be there with family and friends and enjoy the party.	
Dec 10 2008 	Hated It	We stayed at Janpath to get our infant son out of the Diwali noise and air pollution.When we arrived the staff were doing their Diwali worship in the lobby and we had to wait over 20 minutes just to check in. Not a single member of the staff volunteered to help us check-in and get us to our room before they were done. We were left hanging around in the lobby (frigid) while the staff sang songs!!The beds were too narrow and uncomfortable, the wooden tiles on the floor were creaky, the AC was turned on full blast turning the room into an ice chest, the food was too full of chillies and not really good anyway, the hotel staff were shouting across the corridor to each other (terrible when the sound echoes.)To top is all, they have the nerve to call the Janpath a 4 star hotel and charge a &quot;luxury&quot; tax.It would be hard to call this hotel a 2 star on all counts.We would not stay here again or recommend it to our friends.	
Dec 3 2008 	Awesome Build	I was sponsored by CNN-IBN(news channel) a trip to Delhi to watch the 1st ODI between India-England in March 2006. Upon reaching Delhi I was transferred to Hotel Janpath for my stay. The hotel was awesome and I have never experienced such incredible service before. Dinner was the best I had over there, and the accomodation was simply satisfactory. It was an old structure but was simply magnifiecient in its serenity and beauty.If you want a mix of the old and the new then this Hotel is a must.	
Nov 11 2008 	loved the way they treat guests	i loved the way of their welcome to the guest......the facilities were good.........there is slight problem of room adjustment but it can't be mind.......overall its a good experience	
Oct 27 2008 	OMG! yikes.	I didn't stay at this hotel. I was strapped for a hotel at the last minute &amp; this hotel was in the CP section of my Lonely Planet guide. The first shock was the location- while its in the CP area, the hotel is located off of Janpath in a dilapidated looking side alley. The building from the outside read &quot;MAJOR DIVE&quot; all over it...dirty and unruly. I took a hotel tour of the rooms which was like going through a depressing mental asylum maze of green walls, semi dark hallways and flourescent lights, where they were on. The rooms I was shown had NO windows and while it seemed like it might be clean, my 200Rs budget hotel at Cozy Hotel in Pahar Ghanj was looking a lot more chic, clean and safe by the minute. The only visual peace I could stammer was the restaurant patio area which was the only place that wasn't as claustrophic and offered a bit brighter of a vibe. This was a HOLE, not a 4-star hotel and definitely NOT worth the price they're asking! There was no way I could stay there &amp; I even considered throwing my LP guide in the toilet. I ended up going back to my Pahar Ghanj budget.	
May 9 2008 	Not worth it!!!	First of all, this hotel's lobby is very cold but I wonder what happens to the A/C when we reach the room. Food is very overpriced at a cup of coffee(if ordered through room service) costs more than Rs.80. Food is good in the Sagar Rathna restaurant which provides South Indian fare but the Gulnar restaurant which provides a variety of cuisines is just about okay and priced at slightly higher rates. The rooms are quite spacious but have minimal facilities. The cupboard is also small. The walk from the lift to my room was so long that I felt I was walking from the left wing to the right wing of the Salarjung museum. Also, do not expect fast billing before 12 noon and do give notice atleast 1 1/2 hours before. Hotel staff are not very friendly and seem quite cold.	
Feb 13 2008 	possibly the worst value in the world	We were booked into the Janpath by a reluctant colleague when we simply couldn't find anywhere else. It is not filthy, and there was hot water but that is about all that can be said in its favour. The staff were unhelpful, the food below average, the rooms ill equipped. Many rooms appear to be derelict and abandoned, or being refurbished. We both agreed we had stayed in far better hotels in major European capitals for less than a quarter the price we paid here.	
Feb 3 2008 	Not a place to lay your head	I did not stay at this hotel but I did visit prior to ouractual stay there. I toured the hotel withhotel staff and they graciously showed us a roomon the 4th floor. The location of the hotel is greatand by the appearance driving up it looked veryfavorable considering the price. The lobby was small, not grand at all but clean and presentable.The elevators were the old English lift type andworked well. Upon our accent to the 4th floor,I was the first to get out of the elevator. Directlyto my left was a part of the hotel or not, I wasn'tsure that was in the midst of construction. Noplastic tarps, no barriers, just a hallway with tools,sawdust, wood and construction materials thrownabout. The hallways were bare and deserted. Itreminded me of a mental hospital you saw on TVfrom the 50's. The room doors were old, didn't see safe and I couldn't believe what I was seeing. I would not spend 10 minutes in that room let alone a night. The furniture was damaged, the pillows looked 20y ears old and it was so very dingy and dirty everywhere. Black marks from dirty hands wereon the walls. The bathroom was completely disgusting. Granted, old and clean is fine, this was old, filthy anddisgusting. I looked in the tub and it was peeling. Crusted dirt and scum was around the rim. I couldn't bare to look any longer. I had to leave. We cancelled our reservations forthe return trip to Delhi. I'm so happy we went to check it outbefore checking in. Not recommeded unless you will sleepanywhere.	
Nov 23 2007 	Good 4 Star	HI This is Alam. Me and my Friend stayed in this hotel in the month of October and we found hotel is good 4 star.You will find all the basic aminities that 4 star hotel should have. overall its good 4 star . next time we will stay in this hotel.	
Aug 23 2007 	Grim Stalinist and depressing	I booked into the Janpath for a couple of weeks because I was going to be in Delhi for work. Big mistake. I had wanted a decent, serviceable, comfortable hotel, with good business facilities and an OK restaurant. Unfortunately, the Janpath was really none of these things. I knew I wasn't going anywhere as posh as the Imperial or the Oberoi, but I could have paid far less than I did at the Janpath for the facilities I got. It had nothing: no email access, a grotty bar, a restaurant I didn't really try (the in-room breakfast was bad enough), a terrible dysfunctional TV with about 2 channels and poor reception, the world's loudest air conditioning (sleeping at night was a problem), windows that didn't shut properly, and faulty electrics that constantly threw out sparks. In its defence, I would say that my room was quite large and quite clean. It was not comfortable, but it would have been acceptable at a 2* price. Unfortunately it came at a 4* price. I would also say that the staff were very pleasant to me. The laundry service was efficient and well-done, too. And the location is obviously very good. I became almost affectionate towards the place by the end of my stay, but it was a bit galling being next door to the Imperial.I would certainly not consider the Janpath if you are visiting Delhi.If you want a cheap, basic hotel, there are plenty cheaper than this one of the same standard. If you want a comfortable but good value hotel like a 4* should be, there are dozens of better options - The Claridge's, for instance, or any of the international chains.Despite a few redeeming features, you really will be better off elsewhere.	
Jul 19 2007 	Filthy Dirty	Great location just off the circle, but upon check in I was thoroughly disgusted. I was given the filthiest hotel room I have ever seen! The &quot;suite&quot; consisted of carpet that looked original and contained more dirt than my garden. The sofa and other &quot;suite&quot; furniture had grease stains across the entire headrest areas, the spilled items under the warm, empty refridgeration unit should and probably did invite bugs. The windows did not close properly, sucking the mildly cool air from the air conditioner right out. The bathroom walls had mold, including the shower which only provided ice cold water. Don't be tempted to stay - even for a minute.	
Jul 17 2007 	What a rip-off!	The Janpath would be lucky to receive two stars in any other country. The location is good, but the prices are ridiculous and the rooms are very basic. I had no hot water for the three days - the airconditoner sounded like a truck engine - and they had the nerve to charge me a &quot;luxury tax&quot; on checkout! Three nights cost me nearly six hundred Australian dollars. Do not stay at this hotel!	
Jan 12 2007	There are better 2 star hotels than Hotel Janpath	We were in Delhi early Dec 07. We were told that we could not our first choice of hotel because it was fully booked. The agent told us that she had booked a 4 star hotel which was better than our first choice, so you can imagine our horror when we booked in at the Janpath. Its a run down hotel which should never be classed as 4 star. The rooms we were given were very basic and from the looks of the doors it looked like the rooms had been broken into. Thankfully we were there only for two nights. I have stayed in better 2 star hotels in India.	
Dec 19 2006 	very clean rathole	the hotel janpath (located on Janpath road just south of connaught circle, between the Imperial and the Shangriila) is a government run hotel, part of the ashok group. the location is fantastic. The rooms were surprisingly clean (including the sheets) however, be mindful that this hotel is pretty much a rathole and would be a two star hotel in the US. that being said, I had hot water and a very large room,and TV with many English channels (probably cable or a satellite system). the bathroom was clean (the towels were grungy - best to bring your own) and the room didn't smell bad. The price was about $150 with taxes which seems to be about average for this class of hotel. Sure, the hotel was run down and dingy. The paint on the walls was peeling, and the furniture was very basic. However, it was a large hotel, many storeys, with shops and two restaurants. I ordered room service and the food came quickly, it was good, and I didn't get sick. I wish the room had cost $50, and not $150, and then it would be good value. However, the location was great, it was clean, .and I got a good night's sleep there.	
Jun 22 2006	This hotel doesn't even deserve 1 star.	When we made reservations we were told this hotel was a 4 star. This place doesn't even deserve a 1 star. The rooms were dirty. no hot water at anytime. Bathroom had mold everywhere. Staff was rude. We were promised a free breakfast and ended up having to pay for that. I didn't mind paying I just wanted to get my things and get out of there.	
Apr 5 2006	Janpath overpriced for mediocre stay	We usually stay with family when in Delhi but they were out of town, so we had to find a hotel which was safe and clean. Our four-year-old children were visiting India for the first time and have a complicated medical history, so we didn't want them getting sick either. Janpath was recommended to us by cousins who also had children visiting India for the first time, and they said they had a good experience. We paid way too much for the stay we got - 4700rs/night. The room, though large, was very worn, the bed was inadequate sized. The bathroom was as clean as can be expected from this kind of hotel, I guess, not well-maintained. We had several maintenance issues while there, but the staff was quick and effective in responding. Room service was prompt, but often messy in service. The food was reasonable, both in taste and price. I was told this hotel was a good transition from America to India. It is not. You will feel the culture shock when you stay here. Our train for departure was in the evening, and we asked for delayed check-out, but they charged us a whole extra day for it. The area was safe and my kids didn't get sick on the food (we bought our bottled water elsewhere). Still, I wouldn't recommend this hotel, because you could get a similar hotel for much less, but you have to be careful in Delhi.	
Mar 16 2006	Bad bad bad!!!	I stayed in this hotel with family for one night. It was terrible. The rooms were very dirty with torn carpet. The carpet looked like it has never been cleaned from several years. It is definately NOT a star hotel. It was much worse than some hostels where I have stayed.In spite of all this, the charges for food were like 4-5* hotels. They charged 45Rs for a cup of tea and more than 200Rs/person for useless breakfast.The staff was rude. At first they told that the breakfast was complimentary. But after we had the breakfast, they said it is not. After lot of arguing, I had to pay for that. All of the staff was desperate to get tips -- no matter how poorly they have maintained the hotel and how poor their service is.AVOID AVOID AVOID this hotel.	
Mar 6 2006	Awful	The hotel was an absolute disgrace, there was no cleansiness we stayed 1 night and we did not even unpack our suitcases slept in our clothes. They insist on payment upfront which should of got the alarm bells ringing. DO NOT STAY HERE	
Feb 19 2006	Like a Prison!	We prebooked the hotel online with Asia.com. When we arrived at the receptionist, it didn't too bad. Once we got to the third floor where our room was, the ambience resemble that of the under funded 1950s Lunatic Asylum. The room was horrendous - windows were covered with wooden board. The electric sockets were hanging out. No hot water at all despite the fact that the staff came up twice to fix it. The staff was aggressive and all they wanted was charging extras as much they can. Be very careful before you pay the bills! A deperate hotel - only to be used in the crisis. Not recommended to stay more than one night!	
Dec 19 2005	Absolute no no for this hotel 	Terrible, horrible, pathetic, despicable, bad can't find enought negative adjectives for this hotel. Rooms are like they have never been cleaned, bathrooms are like everyone in the hotel uses one single bathroom. Very dirty. Can't imagine this hotel is still functioning. Service very very bad. no water to drink ... just plain out lousy.	
Sep 5 2005	Terrible experience - Avoid it!	My experience was terrible. I called the day before to confirm our booking with Janpath and it was confirmed. When we got to Janpath from Jaipur, we were rudely told that there was no reservation. I showed the reservation from the internet and he was challenging me that it was not a reservation. He was very rude. It was only after he was going through his reservations did he finally find it and then his tone changed. We had two other bookings for the hotel and he said that there were no other bookings for the future. We even phoned the booking agent twice and they confirmed that there were no other bookings. More later! The room was not comfortable and for the first time we both decided to forgoe on the bath/shower as it was stained. It was also dark and noisey.We were glad to be out of there in one night.Now back to the horrible experience...while I was touring around, we found out that Janpath hotel charged us for one night as a no show (I found this out by email). I immediately contacted Janpath and they said that we did not show. They then argued with me that we did not cancel. I told them we confirmed with hotel and booking agent twice that there were no other reservations. They were very argumentative and would not relent and this went on and on for months. I told my credit card company and they finally stepped in and looked after it. Word of warning...get the name of the front desk person and be cautious about your bookings. They tried to get the money out of us and did not succeed. This was the only real negative on an otherwise wonderful adventure.	
Apr 6 2008 	Höchstens ein 3 Sterne Hotel		
Feb 13 2007 	orribile		
Jan 9 2007 	No puede ser peor!!!		
