	Find another place	The hotel is not very clean. Staff is ok. Near airport. Dining room ok. But I would suggest finding a 3 star hotel. An Indian friend made the reservation for our departure next am. Wished he would have gone for a better place.	
Sep 1 2009 	Good if you have an early morning flight	This hotel is very practically situated near the airports, so if you have an early flight (domestic or international), you won't have too much trouble. In fact, they will organize a taxi to the airport for you. The rooms are quite spacious and fairly well equipped. One negative point is that it can be quite noisy at night due to the traffic on the highway just outside the hotel.	
May 4 2009 	Great service	I booked this hotel through Makemytrip. It was a nice hotel, and specially recommended for people who are travelling through airlines, because it is close to both airports(Domestic &amp; International). It is also value for money and staff was cooperative and helpful. Condition of room was excellent(neat, clean &amp; tidy).	
Apr 22 2009 	Horrible hotel DO NOT STAY here	I read the reviews before I booked this hotel. There were a total of 4 reviews, 2 of them mentioned filthy sheets/stains. I was not sure and I took my chances since it was so close to the Dehli airport, and it was the true reason why I chose it. The bed sheets were in fact filthy and disgusting. We checked in the hotel around 11pm that night, and left very early the next morning to catch a flight from Dehli airport, so thankfully we only had to stay in this hotel for a few hours. Regardless, I couldn't get any sleep thinking how filthy the bed was. We asked for a change of sheets, and what they brought was as filthy as what was there before. When we started taking out the old sheet to put over the new ione, the amount of disgusting stains on the matress and bed padding was simply disgusting. I do not recommend you stay here if you want a clean place. I tend not to be very picky, but this was too much. The have made an effort to put a reception desk as if it is a really fancy hotel, don't be fooled by it, the rooms are not good, and they smell. You are better off in any other hotel	
Mar 7 2009 	This hotel is terrible	There were blood and other unknown stains on the sheets, bugs on the floor, and neither the hot water nor the heater worked--this was an issue because it was very cold at night and the window was ajar due to the window cooling unit. After a complaint to the front desk the hot water in the bathroom sink began to work, but not in the shower so we had to use the dipping bucked to transfer water to the shower to take a ladle shower. This is a terrible hotel--you would be better off at some hostels.	
Jan 27 2009 	Nearby the airport	If you want a base near the airport and don’t mind sleeping in filthy sheet’s this hotel maybe will be a good choice. The hotel is pretty good located if you have an early morning flight. It’s only a few minutes with taxi to the International and National Airport. The rooms are well-sized, the beds ok, but staying their in the winter is extremely cold and draughty (no heater). Indeed it is a budget, 3-star hotel but still you expect it to be clean and tidy. The hotel is simply not well-managed!The good thing was that the staff was very friendly and helpful.	
Jun 5 2008 	Good value. Great airport location. Wonderful staff.	I felt the Lohias represented a good value. Adequate air conditioning, clean, hot water shower, accommodating and pleasant staff that went out of its way to help me.It's a budget hotel, so I wasn't expecting luxury, and was not disappointed.Decent restaurant, but don't expect meat w/ your breakfast!! (Same for other nearby restaurants.)The hotel is on a highway that runs along the airport, but is about an 8-minute ride from/to the terminal. Lohias is located amongst a strip of mostly budget hotels along a major road, with an intriguing neighborhood behind it through which I enjoyed strolling.Admittedly, there were problems with the hotel. The first room didn't have the hot water it was supposed to have, but staff promptly upgraded me from a Deluxe to a Suite, for no extra charge.The suite was quite spacious. I experienced a hot-water problem, but staff quickly fixed it. Great A/C and overhead fan actually made the room COLD until I adjusted it.Yes, I would absolutely stay there again if I were looking for a reasonably priced hotel near the airport.	
Mar 22 2008 	Reasonably priced and convenient for the airport.	The Lohias has seen better days, but in a city full of grubby and overpriced flea-pits it is a pretty good choice for an overnight if you are arriving or departing from the airport at an inconvenient hour. The room was quite big, clean by Indian standards, and there was hot water in the shower, although the &quot;inclusive breakfast&quot; was so pathetic it was barely worth eating. The reception staff were friendly and welcoming even in the middle of the night when we arrived, but beware of their pre-paid taxi fares - a taxi to Central New Delhi should only cost about 200 rupees from here. You can make a credit card reservation for it on www.travelguru.com.	
