	Grand hotel indeed!	*Grand Godwin is a fantastic hotel, such great value for money.*Our first night was in a Super delux, as our room was not ready. It had a hairdryer and fridge and was slightly bigger than the delux we had for the rest of our stay. It also had a blocked off window so it was really quiet. The delux was road side and a lot noisier.*The beds were fairly comfortable and the rooms were very clean.*The restaurant is 24 hr and the food is great. Good breakfast too.*Godwin in central location between old Delhi and Connaught place so easy to get around.*One of my favorite hotel's on my India trip.	
Nov 3 2009 	Awful service from managment	Stayed there last year when Delhi was the first stop on the India trip and I wanted to make sure that we had a reservation somewhere before we arrived. The rooms were OK, not splendid (relatively clean, though). Substantially overpriced, however, compared to those in hotels on the same street (including those with larger, nicer, cleaner, rooms). We were there for several days, so re-negotiated the price after the first day based on comps, but then the management did not honor that when we checked out. I am Indian, but grew up in the US, and my travel partner was American, so not sure if this was because of tourist gouging or just horrible service. Anyway, if you make any agreements on price, make sure you (a) get them in writing and (b) have management sign off immediately, or you're screwed.	
Nov 2 2009 	Comfort and Location	Stayed at the Grand for one night on our way through Delhi to Udaipur. Have stayed here before for longer stays. Our room was comfortable and clean, check-in was quick and easy, and Wi-Fi is available. The roof-top restaurant offeres an expansive breakfast. If you've never traveled in Asia the neighborhood can be disconcerting at first. But the Grand is an easy 10 or 15 minute wald to the train station, and a quick tuk tuk ride to Connaught Place for some shopping.	
Oct 27 2009 	Good hotel	Good hotel in a nice area, near metro station and interesting spots. Especially having breakfast at the roof top in the morning is really nice.	
Oct 17 2009 	Decent value	I enjoyed my 3 day stay here. Room service was very kind, food was excellent and the room was clean. It's centrally located and in an interesting area of Delhi. Only negative is that I had constant trouble with Internet (they gave me my fee back).	
Oct 16 2009 	Probably the best hotel in Pahar Ganj	An excellent choice near New Delhi Station. We first stayed one night in room 402 at the beginning of our tour of India. Very clean, large and comfortable room. Very good breakfast. At the end of our tour of India, we first stayed one night at Jyoti Mahal Guest House which we left because it was dirty and we went back to Grand Godwin Hotel for 2 nights in room 207 which was a little smaller than room 402 but as clean and comfortable as room 402. Price of the room : INR 2,812.50 per night breakfast included. It is true that the neighbourhood is noisy but in the hotel, it is very quiet. They have a taxi service to the airport which we used. Good service (price: INR 350 for a non AC car for a drop off at the airport). No doubt for us : the best hotel in Pahar Ganj.	
Sep 18 2009 	Ok-ish	We had a semi deluxe room; we had booked it on their website a month in advance. We arrived late at night and it took a while for them to find our booking confirmation. The room wasn't too bad, by no means spotless, the usual peeling paint etc but it was pretty clean compared to some of the dives we had previously stayed in India. The restaurant was OK and b'fast an interesting buffet affair but not awful.	
Aug 22 2009 	surprisingly nice 	Ok, when you get there, you are, at first sight of the neighborhood, quite...frightened. Don't be: get off your car, make it through the crowd, the dirt, the unpleasant smells, the COWS, the motorcycles and the rickshaws and let the doorman open the door of a peaceful all-in-white-marble lobby. Service is efficient (god they are ALWAYS cleaning for real!), rooms are not too small, when they say triple rooms they actually mean THREE beds (which is not so common in 3-stars-indian-hotels as i discovered), AC is working just fine. No view. Funny elevator.Breakfast is not very good (don't bother trying to get something else thant a Nescafé in 90% of indian restaurants&amp;hotels), but you can get eggs, fruit juice,tea, toasts etc no problem. I would advice to give it a try to the roof-top restaurant, non-expensive and tasty(try the Biryani, the best i've ever had). Don't forget to ask them NON SPICY, it will still have enough of flavor.	
Jul 28 2009 	BAD SERVICE	I made a reservation weeks before arriving in Delhi and specifically asked for a driver to pick me up because it was my first time in India. They sent me a confirmation with booking and pick up driver but upon arrival on the airport nobody was there.	
Jul 24 2009 	a popular choice in the area	This is the best and also the most popular hotel in the area. The main reason lead us to book there in the first place is so we can catch the early train to Agra, and late train back from Jaipur. Other than that location does not matter so much as Delhi's landmarks are quite spreadout, you would need to get a car from places to places no matter where you stay. The hotel travel desk can arrange a sedan for a very reasonable price. We take full adavntage of that, and used cars for three days to save the hassles of negotiation everytime getting into a local transportation. Overall, we are quite pleased with our stay. The room is decent, but bathroom could be better equipped to avoid the floor getting wet so easily. The roof top resturant is not bad, the breakfast was better than we expected (as we read bad review about it before we went), and dinner is even better.	
Jul 22 2009 	bad	dirty, shaky, shady and old.... absolutely inadequate for most travellers. perhaps ok for some very low budget low demand backpackers and some locals....we left it on the second day to find another hotel and fortunately Incredible India guys helped us greatly with rearranging hotels for us in different cities. It was especially great to have them help us in the middle of the night, when we arrived from the airport first day. Note that initially whole trip was planned by myself without any help from them or other tourist agency. I ran into them at night, when looking for the hotel and they helped.	
Jul 18 2009 	Terribly dirty and tricksters	The bedroom was terrible, very dirty and we found some cockroaches in the bathroom.The receptionist was a trickster, we booked it in advanced paying and they didn't keep our reservation, when we arrived in the evening we found that our room was sold and they tried to give as a lower category room for the same price, after one hour of argument we got the room we had booked.The breakfast wasn't good.	
Jun 27 2009 	Grand Nightmare	wow, I am writing this from the lobby of the hotel unable to sleep because of the infernal noise from constructions going on in front of the hotel and my room. What an awful place! Stay away at any cost. When I arrived, my reservation wasn't honored. However, they offered me a &quot;better room&quot; for the first night. They don't actually have the room they offer and want to make you pay extra. Given the roon isn't really expensive it is not much , but the attitude behind that makes you feel not welcome at all. Well, I won't pay extra...They don not appreciate your business. The place is located in the slum areas around Delhi central station. Exiting and interesting! I'll be looking for another hotel tomorrow, don't waste your time here.	
May 11 2009 	Poor - not nearly as good as the website/reviews made out	As per other reviews, at booking it promised a free airport transfer. After informing the hotel of our pickup time, car didnt' arrive, called up and was told that we had to pay extra and that the car would be with us in 45mins if we were willing to wait - forcing us to get our own taxi and make our own way there.Area around the hotel is utlra poor. True this is where the budget hotels are but it's pretty dire, no pavements on the roads, did not feel safe even though we were a group of three. Was promised internet access in the rooms for 50rupees per night, only to find that internet actually only works on the ground floor in the lobby, so anytime I had to use it I had to sit in a lobby full of ppl to use - not what I had in mind. Rooms are ok size, there is no bath just a wet room shower, and it's clean. Breakfast on the roof top is poor, only the omlette or cereal is worth eating, the milk had congealed fat in it. Coffee is instant coffee that you make yourselves. Travel desk - gave us a taxi which had a dodgy driver, took us to too many places (bazaars without asking, fake government travel agents that we didn't want to go, in the end we had to send him away - no refunds tho. Overall the interior of the hotel is clean, but location, breakfast and staff service terrible. Don't trust the staff too much.	
May 10 2009 	Well sited	Although located in a street full of hotels, the Grand Godwin is different from most of the others in that the attractiveness of the lobby/reception follows in the rooms. Many of the hotels have a nice lobby but the rooms are not so nice. The Grand Godwin has perfectly fine rooms, although the bathrooms are a little compact. Not a problem if you don't mind the water from the shower going all over the bathroom. I guess they don't mind cleaning it up! It's well located for convenience to New Delhi train station..great if you intend to travel around India by train. The area around isn't much to look at but then again, it's only 5 mins from the Metro (5 mins from there to Connaught Square or Chandni Chowk etc). The restaurant is basic but we didn't use it apart from breakfast time. The inclusive breakfast is limited but adequate to stave off the morning pangs of hunger. The staff are pleasant and helpful and internet access reasonabely priced. It's an ok place to stay and your stay is unlikely to gave rise to any complaint. The price is a little on the high side though.	
May 6 2009 	Mixed bag	Generally great... clean, smart, good location but.. generally little niggles.Firstly the food (especially breakfast) is utterly dire. breakfast is a buffet set up and was cold and generally quite disgusting. You are better off trying to get a discount by getting a room without breakfast. Evening meals meanwhle are overpriced and nothing special, you are better off going out to eat.Our delux room was extremely comfortable and easily the cleanest place we stayed in India, but had no window and had an annoying dripping tap.i found the service to be good.One thing, and I am being pedantic but... laundry is overpriced and then it all comes back with a number written in marker pen on each individual piece that even now, 6 weeks later refuses to come off. It was also late coming back, turned up with extra items that I sent back.. and was promptly charged for anway.	
May 2 2009 	Surprisingly nice hotel	After reading the reviews on tripadvisor, I was a bit hesitant to book this hotel. But it was surprisingly nice, and the staff were very helpful. Our room was clean and modern, as were the lobby and the elevator. We stayed there twice, and both times the hotel arranged taxis to the airport that were reasonably priced and worked well. The restaurant was quite good (for breakfast and dinner), and open 24 hours, which was great because we arrived very late at night. Our room faced the street and was rather noisy, but that's hard to avoid in Delhi.The hotel is located in the Paharganj section of Delhi, and walking the streets of Pharganj is quite an experience. The sidewalks are very narrow and often covered with street vendors, so it is usually necessary to walk in the street, with heavy traffic consisting of autorickshaws, trucks, cars, motorcycles, cows, bicycles, and pedestrians. We also stayed at the Prem Sagar Guest House in the Connaught Place section of Delhi (and I just posted a review of that property). Connaught Place is much fancier than Paharganj, with wide sidewalks, Western clothing stores, and easy access to the Metro. But the Grand Godwin was a much nicer hotel than Prem Sagar at a significantly lower price, and the Paharganj experience seemed more like the &quot;real India&quot;, so I would definitely recommend Grand Godwin over Prem Sagar for anyone who needs a place to stay in Delhi.	
May 2 2009 	unprofessional and unhelpful staff	It the damaging for me when i was arrived in India. I booked the hotel , they inform me your pickup is free at the time booking. But there is no taxi for me at airport in midnight. When I reach the hotel. Guy behind the front desk was sleeping. Next day I book the taxi for Delhi sightseeing hotel book the taxi. He charged very high price to me 50USD. Breakfast quality is very bad. They charge me the room rent also high 1800INR + 22.5 Tax for one day. I check the room rent out side of this hotel was 800INR double and single with breakfast. 50% paid to touts and autoriksha drivers. I can't recommend to any single lady, couple, senior citizen to stay this hotel	
Apr 23 2009 	Amazing hotel!	Okay, so the hotel lacks a little character, but it is extremely clean and well equipped. However, the overall package is what impresses me the most. The staff are attentive and courteous, and when I had a problem with a scammer who stole my money (a crook that sold dodgy airline tickets) they went out of their way to help me. The General Manager is a saint and even when dealing with this from the UK, he is always there to answer questions and he truly has been doing all he can to help me in this situation. They seem to really care about what tourists think of their country, and have been quite disgusted by the behaviour of this individual. I really cannot speak more highly about this place, and will always recommend it. In an expensive city like Delhi, it also very good value, too.	
Apr 22 2009 	Great value hotel	The hotel is conveniently located about 2 minutes by tuktuk from the train station. I chose this hotel because I needed to catch a few train from the Dehli Train Station. The staff arranged airport pickups for us twice, and they were always there waiting for us. they were firendly and attentive. They also arranged a tour and a pick up at the Agra train station, and it was well worth it. The rooms were clean as well as all the bed sheets, and comfortable. The hotel is located on a popular street were there are other hotels. They have room service, internet access for a small fee, and included breakfast. I'd recommend this hotel especially if you are looking for a place next to tre train station.	
Apr 19 2009 	Impressed	My partner and I stayed at Hotel Grand Godwin just a few nights ago during a holiday in India. The hotel was lovely, very grand and beautifully decorated. We opted for the deluxe (rather than semi-deluxe room) for 2400 rps a night including tax and breakfast. Our room was great - clean, comfortable and cooled with a vert quiet AC system. The staff were friendly and efficient, booking an airport taxi for us and arranging for breakfast in our room at 4:30 am before our flight! Although the hotel says the breakfast is 'continental' it included much more than croissants and coffee. They had cereal, fruit, an egg station as well as a full range of Indian dishes. At 9:30am, when my partner and I hadn't shown up for breakfast yet, a member of staff came to our room to check we were okay! We had one evening there meal which was also good, a little pricey compared to elsewhere, but tasty. The hotel's location is fab, on a busy street in Parhaganj, about a 3-4 minute walk from the train station and from the main bazaar street. As with most Delhi hotels, it wasn't quiet at night - you could hear people out on the street outside, but it wasn't so bad that you couldn't get to and stay asleep at night. Overall, very impressed.	
Mar 18 2009 	A good hotel in a good location	We stayed at the Hotel Grand Godwin at the beginning and end of a three week trip to India. We were really impressed with the hotel it was well located, the rooms were a good size and clean and the breakfast served at the roof top restaurant was particulary good. The hotel is a 10/15 min walk from the main bazar or a 20 rupee cycle rickshaw ride and a 10 mins walk from the train station, an auto rickshaw ride to Connaught Place is approx 50 rupees. We used the hotel taxi service to collect us and take us back to the airport and we found the staff really helpful.	
Mar 18 2009 	Very clean and good price	Very clean hotel room I found in New Delhi with Fare price. The staffs of the hotel, specially the front office are very helpful. All kinds of Delicious Indian foods are available. We had wonderful friendly service. My room is only US$45 per night with break first. Hot water is available. A/C and big TV worked my room. Secure airport transfers and sight visit tour arranged by the hotel. Only the thing is surrounding of the hotel is too crowded during my stay.	
Mar 8 2009 	A super find in the heart of Paharganj	This place is a clean, friendly oasis from the teeming madness outside. All the staff were friendly and helpful and the rooms and linens very clean. A 'super deluxe' was 2500Rs per night and I had a big room with tiled floor, TV, coffee making stuff and an ensuite. It was a bit noisy outside, but it did quieten down a bit at bed time, but this wasn't a huge problem once the ear plugs were in place... The breakfast buffet on the roof terrace was fine although I didn't sample the evening cuisine which was available. There was an internet connection available on the ground floor, a travel desk who organised a taxi for me at a reasonable cost and an exchange desk. The hotel is only a ten minute walk from Connaught Circus along a straight road under the flyover that carries DB Gupta Road and is also round the corner from the Main Bazaar with internet cafes, small shops and cheaper hotels and guest houses.	
Feb 7 2009 	Budget hotel not very clean	I booked this hotel on recommendations from other reviews. I am a bit surprised at the reviews that give a 3 to 5 star rating. I have traveled extensively and can say that this hotel does not deserve anything more than a 2. Stayed 3 nights and the biggest problem was the cleanliness of the room and in particular the linens. I read in previous reviews of others stating the same. The bedding on both beds had many stains and soiled areas and seems to have not been washed; bathroom was also less than adequately clean. I had a room on the back side of the hotel only to be kept up all night by barking dogs; they moved us the following day to a room that had no window. Another concern (as also in other reviews) was the fact that upon check-out I also experience the front desk asking for more money although this room was prepaid including taxes. I firmly stated I would not pay and they backed off. Location is desirable for good access to Delhi train station.	
Jan 30 2009 	Comfortable well run hotel convenient for New Delhi Station	We stayed three times at this hotel in October/November 2008 using Delhi as our hub to explore northern India. The hotel's airport transfer is expensive, much better to use the pre-paid taxi stand at the airport (you learn this after the first time).The noisy /dirty side street location of the hotel is a bit off putting, but inside it is clean and comfortable and efficiently run. Do not confuse this hotel with the Godwin Hotel next door which is truly awful but run surprisingly by the same owners. We were informed that it is due to be demolished and rebult in 2009. The rooftop restaurant of the Grand Godwin is clean , nice staff and the food good. The included buffet style breakfast was very good. Rooms are well furnished , hot water and aircon all worked as did the cable TV (some rooms have wide screen).There is free wireless internet in the hotel lobby or you can use the hotel computers for a small charge. Best of all, it is a 50 rupee auto-rickshaw ride (5-10 mins depending on time of day) to the New Delhi train station and not too far from Connaught Place.The hotel gets booked out so best to book ahead if you can.All in all a good place to stay and fair value by Delhi standards.	
Jan 23 2009 	Good for Price	We arrived at 3 am and after battling with a pre-paid taxi driver who suddenly couldn't find the hotel arrived with the [--]. They had us sorted and in our room. We didn't much like it so next day requested to change and did so to a front street facing room which was fantastic. The breaky was great and hearty and the restaurant even served pretty good dishes for lunch. The location is the only issue. If your female expect heaps of hassles and expect heaps of poverty. My partner was never comfortable walking the streets at night and so we only travelled by autorickshaw. If I went again I wouldn't stay in Old Delhi... and that's coming from someone who always likes to stay in the guts of things. They organised us a driver for a day at a reasonable rate. Expect to tip at this hotel. Many hotels have communal tipping jars which is better.. pain in the ** to have to constantly stick your hand in your pocket and to have to scrounge for small notes with this in mind.It was a lovely hotel and clean.. very clean. I still would recommend it though. Pretty good value for $.	
Jan 20 2009 	Safe landing spot to get over culture shock	Reserving mid-range to budget hotels is rough in India, but we managed to book through laborious direct email process (bring print out to prove payment, you're likely to need it). Aside from normal odd Indian stuff, this relatively bargain hotel is fine. Delhi is a shocking, dirty din at first, so this hotel was a nice safe haven for us. The rooms were clean, bathroom okay (Indian budget bathrooms you take your chances), nice people working there, and a good spiral staircase is I think where the &quot;Grand&quot; part comes in...anyway, we stayed a second time when we passed through Delhi again for a night, so there you go. Indian breakfast buffets not my favorite thing, but this one was as good as any we've had so far. Hotel Grand Godwin isn't a place you'd stay too long, but just fine for arrival and regrouping a couple of days, or a stopover. We aren't the youthful backpacker types and we did well enough here. It won't do if your the oBeroi/Taj kind of traveler, but otherwise, go ahead and stay here.	
Jan 7 2009 	Great service at the Grand Godwin	Our time in Delhi would have been miserable if we had not stayed at the Grand Godwin hotel. Our room and the service were really good. The breakfast on the rooftop restauant was fantastic. No other hotel I've stayed at in India does breakfast like the Grand Godwin.Our room was serviced daily and we also had a newspaper delivered every morning.The travel desk was helpful and able to sort out travel to Agra and back. We opted to hire a driver for Agra and were really glad we did this. No hassle at a reasonable price. We also hired a driver for the day to take us to Delhi fort, the Crafts museum and Santushti shopping mall.The hotel is at a good location. We were able to walk to Connaught Place to shop at Fabindia and the official Cottage Industries shop and beyond. You really didn't need a rickshaw or taxi for this. Just keep walking down the road!	
Jan 2 2009 	threw out my reservation	Don't bother making a booking. If the hotel is full, they'll give away your room to anyone walking in off the street. You can confirm your booking, tell them when you will arrive, leave a copy of your passport, do everything they ask and they still will not hold your room for you.I watched them give away a room 5 mins (!) after a guest booked it - in person - while he was down the street getting his luggage!At the hotel next door they told me this happens several times a day, every day.The staff at the GG reception is positively useless.	
Dec 20 2008 	Very good hotel even more so for the money	Great hotel to stay at, in the less touristy part of paharganj but does not suffer from it.The roof top bar is good too.Rooms clean, beds comfy.Will be going back to this hotel when I return to delhi.	
Dec 18 2008 	Perfect locations	Great location very close to New Delhi train station which was perfect for an early morning train journey to Agra or anywhere else. The hotel is on a street that runs parallel with the main bazaar but isn’t directly on it. The main bazaar street is the centre of Paharaganj and is where a lot of the guest houses, bars and restaurants are. Only takes a few minutes to walk there but quite nice to go back to your hotel to escape from it. Location great as a good base for the first visit to Delhi and could easily get a rickshaw to sights.The main bazaar has great shopping for your typical traveller - short/long trousers which lots of European women travellers wore and a really good buy, bags, incense sticks with loads of other things. If you’ve been to Thailand then this is the closest thing to Khao San Road. More hectic as is all of India and less bars but the closest thing in Delhi. There’s also the most amazing jewellery shop that’s the best in everywhere we went in India. It’s like an Aladdin’s cave and I could have stayed for hours.You can also buy the Indian bangles that are everywhere. There’s a lady that sits in the fork in the road and she has some great colours for about 30 rupees for 15. There are quite a lot of places to eat and drink but we found that if you trust the lonely planet you cannot go wrong. We ate first at a bar called The Gem Bar on the straight part of the main bazaar. The staff were really friendly and the food was OK but as the book says we would recommend this more for a drink rather than an eating place. Again following the book’s advice gets you a good restaurant and the Metropolis is a great choice. It’s also a hotel and from what we could see it looked OK to stay and was our second choice if we couldn’t stay at Grand Godwin. Nice rooftop restaurant and the butter chicken was lovely. Again it’s a nice break from the hustle and bustle of the street.The Grand Godwin hotel includes breakfast and the freshly cooked omelettes are a good start to the day. The hotel will look after your valuables behind reception which is handy and they do change money but there’s another place down a side road opposite that does a better rate. There’s a TV in the room (not that you need it), a hot shower and the standard room and perfectly big enough.Would recommend it for anyone on their first visit and especially for the station.	
Dec 4 2008	Surprisingly good accomodations in New Delhi	During our month-long journey through India, we were in New Delhi on 3 separate occasions. It's unfortunate we did not discover the Grand Godwin until our last stay. For starters, the hotel is a short walk to the New Delhi train station. It is also a short autorickshaw ride to many New Delhi sites such as India Gate, C.P., and museums. The rates are good, the rooms are clean, and if I remember correctly they offer complimentary breakfast.All in all, one of the better values in New Delhi!!	
Nov 23 2008 	Ejoyed our stay at the Grand Godwin	We booked one night at the Grand Godwin, our first night in India as well as the airport taxi. (which was worth it). If our experience was good and there was no &quot;extras&quot; charged by the staff we would book 3 more nights after two days in Agra. Our experience at the Godwin was good, even great and we are very glad that we stayed 3 more nights after Agra. This hotel seems to be really trying to teach their staff about service and what a western tourist might be used to. The more you engage their staff, the more they are friendly and try to help. The rooms are nice and include wide screen tv's. The breakfast is delightful on top of the roof and all other meals we had there were good as well. Dehli is one crazy and intense city but staying at the Grand Godwin was a delightful experience.	
Oct 11 2008 	Okay hotel but you get what you pay for....	We just returned from a trip around India and stayed at the Hotel Grand Godwin for 4 days. The room was clean and nice but I'd be hard pushed to recommend it.We stayed in room 203 (no windows) and were constantly woken by the noise of other people showering in their rooms (noise came through the air conditioning shaf above our bed).When we went to leave (at 6am), the hotel staff tried to charge us an additional fee, saying we owed a luxury tax. We showed them our email receipt as we had booked through their website (which clearly stated our online payment was inclusive of all taxes) and they still continued to demand an extra $40 in rupees. It took them about 20 minutes to begrudgingly agree that we had actually paid everything.This really left a sour taste in our mouth and we can only imagine that they try this trick on most people in the hope of getting extra cash.	
Sep 16 2008 	Really great hotel in paharganj close to everything	We went to India for a wedding and stayed in Delhi in the Grand Godwin before and after. For almost all of it, I am quite satisfied with the place. The rates are great and the staff (most but not all) are friendly and helpful and gracious. You may experience difficulty when you make an arrangement with one person currently on duty and then face another person on duty the next day/later in the day who has no idea of the arrangements and refuses to accept it. Perhaps ask for things in writing, signed.Nevertheless, the hotel is wonderful. Their travel desk, though probably more expensive than hacking it yourself, is worthwhile when you consider the &quot;hassle factor&quot; e.g. getting off at a train station and being mobbed by touts/taxi drivers/etc. The place is clean, the rooms are wonderful and the bathrooms are very good with hot water. The food is really good and the breakfast buffet is totally worth is. I would advise anybody going to Delhi to stay in Grand Godwin. We saw some Indian people staying there as well so obviously locals also consider it worthwhile.It's well placed in that it is within walking distance of the New Delhi train station as well as the New Delhi Metro. If you're up for it, rather walk there than get a rickshaw/taxi as they'll charge you tourist rates to go really close. You can catch the Metro to many major places and even Karol Bagh and Connaught Place (shopping). The Metro is really very nice and worth using to travel around Delhi (though not in rush hour and watch out for pick pockets). Some areas are not yet serviced by the Metro but it is ever expanding.We had only 2 incidents worth moaning about at the hotel. We were three in a room and one of us was leaving at 8am for their earlier flight. The bathroom door became stuck and she couldn't get out. Eventually we had 5 guys from the hotel in the room trying to get the door open (it was 10 minutes before her taxi was arriving to take her to the airport). They realised the urgency and broke the door down. However, the rest of us only left at 4pm and there was obviously a shift change and the new guys apparently didn't know anything about the door. We had gone off in our taxi when they phoned the driver and asked him to bring us back to the hotel to answer for the broken door. They wanted us to pay. After some &quot;heated discussion&quot;, someone relayed the information that the door had become stuck and that we weren't at fault.Also, a small tip, try and avoid the number 3 room on each floor (103,203,etc) as this is directly across from the supply closet where the staff member on duty (any of them) will noisily spend his time playing cell phone games, chatting loudly to other staff, packing and cleaning, at all hours of the day and night.Nice benefits: the plug with multiple types cell chargers already installed in case you forgot/misplaced your charger; aircon; hot water; free cold sealed mini-waters on arrival; nice tv with loads of channels; room service any time of the day or night; travel desk.	
Sep 9 2008 	Rooms are clean but organisation 	Hotel is ok but the team is a very big problem. If the manager is not there it's not possible to find a solution. Twice we had to pay more that was agreed. If we didn't we have missed our planes.Whatever is your agreement on the prices, even by mail, they finally oblige you to pay the standard prices. As people at the reception change regulary during the day, you never meet the people you dealt withI met people at the reception that was upset because they have booked on the net, but reception didn't book the rooms. And the hotel was full ... One day There was a girl arriving at midnight, she had to find an other hotel, despite her booking !	
Aug 16 2008 	Very good hotel	We arrived to Delhi and took a pre-paid taxi for 200rps, we had a little argue with the driver as he was very rough with us, so I didn´t give him any tip and he wanted to hit me........ you will notice that the people generally is very rough in Delhi. We apparently book a luxury room at this hotel for 50 euros a night so the gave us a suite and I the room was so good, a room that you can find in a 4 stars hotel in europe, with plasma tv and etc... I saw the standard one and is nothing to do with the luxury one, so I recommend you to book the luxury one for 10 or 15 euros more, you won´t regret. The room was very clean and the hotel installations very good. The restaurant small but good food, and the serve a buffet breakfast very good. They also have a travel agent who can arrange you a pre-paid taxi or any other thing you need for a reasonable price. The hotel is located in the heart of the city, close to cannaught place and the railway station.The only negative thing is that when was the time to check-out and pay, the recepcionist told me that the credit card machine didn´t work, who I didn´t believe, so as we didn´t have enough ruppies to pay the bill we had to pay in euros, with this transaction they rise the original price because the exchange, so I think they are use to do this with the foreigns to make more money, so if that happens to you tell them that you have no other way to pay and force them to use their credit card machine, what I should have done in that ocasion.If you take a train to any other place, once you buy the ticket and go straight to the platform to wait for the train, do not show the ticket to anybody who ask you to see the ticket because there are so many cheaters who seem to work at the station but they will try to take you to a travel agency to sell you a new ticket just by telling you that your ticket is not valid, Do not believe them, just wait for the train to be called and get in. It is incredible that in India as you are a tourist everybody will try to rip you off, so be carefull and have a look on the travel blogs to see the experiences and taxi fares of the other people who have been already.	
Jun 17 2008 	A pleasant Surprise	Long but helpful review.I have been to Delhi on a number of occasions for my personal business and on each visit, I have tried to find a new hotel that meets the following formula: best hotel + cheapest rates. Now this, for those who have been to Delhi, or any part of India, know is virtually impossible. Hotels in India are VERY expensive. A 2-Star hotel in Toronto (that's where I am from) would be classified as a 4-Star in Delhi, with the price of a 5-Star in Toronto. So when I hear or read other reviews from people who have not been to any part of India and expect so much, I can't help but smile. So here is my advise to everyone from N.America or UK or Australia or NZ or any first world country: don't expect too much.....even if you have to dish out $200/night. Don't expect the hotel that you will have booked your room in to be like one of the hotels in Toronto or Chicago or Auckland or Melbourne. Unless of course, you are willing to pay about $400-500/night. Having said that, you could get lucky, as I did on my last trip to Delhi last month (May 2008).On my previous trip to Delhi in December 2007, I stayed at the Mehga Sheraton in Karol Bagh. Apparently, the owner of this hotel (Naresh) owns two other hotels not far from each other: the Mehga Sheraton, the Madonna and third hotel I cannot remember. The Madonna is the &quot;top-of-the-line' from all three with rooms at about Rs.5000/night (US$ 110.00 @Rs.45 a $). The Megha Sheraton that I stayed at was around Rs. 3300.00 The room was small, the bathroom smelly, the couch stained and lots of noise. And, get this, the site advertises &quot;Free internet&quot;. But you have to go to the Madonna hotel to use the internet, the one I was staying at does not have it. So anyhow, on my last trip to Delhi, I found this gem of a hotel. The Grand Godwin (or maybe it's the The Godwin Grand). Now again, don't compare this to a hotel in a first world city. But for the price of Rs. 1800 (US$ 40.00), this hotel was twice as nice as the Megha Sheraton and lest than half the price! Finally, I had found a gem. The bathroom was clean, the room was spacious, the service excellent, the hotel itself (rooms, lobby) very clean. And it had wireless internet that actually worked! The hotel also has a sister hotel, The Godwin, located right next to it in the Pahar Ganj area. The Pahar Ganj area itself is not very clean. Its crowded, congested and smelly. But because I was out most of the day and in my hotel at night, it didn't really bother me. The New Delhi Railway Station is about a 5 minute WALK from the hotel. Connaught Place (locally known as CP) is a downtown core with plenty of shopping and restaurants and is about 5 minutes auto-rickshaw ride from the hotel. For those people who are on a budget, I strongly suggest you check this hotel out.A few tips about travel to India.1. DO NOT trust information about hotels on their websites. Most of the time, it is misleading. For eg. the Internet scenario at the Mehga Sheraton on my Dec. 07 trip.2. Most hotel managers (not all) will smile, bend over backwards for you and while doing that, will empty out your pockets. Be smart and ALWAYS negotiate.3. When planning a stay in a Delhi hotel (or any hotel in India) NEVER book through any online consolidators (Expedia, Travelocity, etc) even if it is a few dollars cheaper. You have to pay in advance for the number of days that you will be staying and should you not be happy with the hotel after your first night, you are stuck! And recovering any money would be a nightmare, if not impossible. Best thing is to get the tel. number of the hotel, call them and book a room for 1 night. Try it out and if you don't like it, you can change the hotel. Of course, the risk with that is they may not have rooms available for more than one night. But if you are travelling during off-peak months, you should be alright. Some of these hotels, when booking, will ask for your credit card info. I normally don't give it out and almost always pay by cash.4. Peak months in Delhi: November to February. Pleasant weather. Between May and September, it is very hot and generally off-peak months. During these months, you can most likely negotiate room rates.5. Most hotels charge about 12% tax on hotel rooms. Be sure to ask if the rate you are being quoted includes tax.6. Ask questions. If you are told &quot;there is Internet connection&quot;, ask if the Internet is in the same hotel that you are staying. If they say they offer wireless internet, ask if it works. I am saying this from experience.7. Be polite to the locals. They work very hard and are very poor. They have less than 10% of what we have in N.America or other developed countries. Negotiate with them (for eg. the rickshaw people with cycles who transport you) for the best price. But then when you arrive at your destination, give them a little more. Many times I had travelled by these rickshaws and see them sweat as they work their way through traffic and in the heat. I normally give them about Rs. 50 more than what they had asked for. And the look in their eyes, the gratitude they display just melts my heart. For me, that Rs. 50 is fractionally more than a dollar but for him, it will feed his entire family for that evening. Be generous, at the same time, be wise.8. Finally, go to India with a totally different frame of mind. Don't expect things there to work as efficiently as in your own city. When things don't go right (and believe me, there will be many times when they won't) bear it, tolerate it and laugh it off. When you say &quot;well...back home things are done this way or that way or this fast&quot;, you will end up having the most miserable time of your life. India is India! Period. End of Story. Be open minded and enjoy. It took me a long time to figure this out. Earlier when I used to go to Delhi, I'd want to come back back to Toronto after 3 days! During my last trip, I went to India with a different frame of mind and enjoyed my stay. Or perhaps it was the euphoria I experienced when I found the right hotel (?)Anyhow, hope this has helped, and enjoy your trip. I will be going back in October 08 if anyone is planning a trip to Delhi around that time wants to hook up.	
May 20 2008 	A clean well-maintained hotel with reasonable rates	At last! a clean, well-maintained hotel in Delhi with reasonable rates. After 5 weeks of travelling through India, it was so comforting to find clean linen and a well-maintained hotel where everything actually works! The hotel is on a busy street close to New Delhi Railway Station, but the rooms are quiet. Booking was a breeze with the excellent website. I paid $35 for a single including breakfast. Strongly recommended.	
Apr 24 2008 	Adequate rooms poor service	The room was reasonably clean but not free of the occasional scurrying cockroach. The hot water facilities were pathetic but otherwise the bathrooms were clean and functional. The room service was a consistent problem; I had to call to get the room cleaned. The night staff at the reception were rude and ill-trained. My offense apparently had been to check out at 6:00 AM and thus trouble their normally scheduled program of doing nothing. It should've been Monthy Pythonesque funny, except it wasn't. Word of advice: establish your superiority in the pecking order quickly and firmly, else the staff will be inclined to take you for a ride. The over-friendly tourist is an exploited tourist.	
Apr 4 2008 	Great hotel w/ wonderful restaurant	We stayed at the Grand Godwin, not the Grand Godwin Deluxe.This hotel is a great value. The hotel lobby is snazzy w/ marble and a glass elevator. The room (single, Deluxe) was on the smaller side but was clean and nice. The bathroom also was clean. It has fast internet in the lobby. The restaurant on the top floor surprised us because it had really wonderful food and I think we had our best meal of India there! Altogether, a great value. I paid $42 for the night. It was very, very reasonably priced. I would definitely recommend this place to people who are looking for a good mid-range hotel.	
Mar 16 2008 	Good location	A block away from the Ajanta where we had stayed at the start of our tour, we decided to try this place on our way through Delhi to the South. Modern bedrooms and helpful staff. The 2000rps cost included a good breakfast, but not an airport pick-up. There is a taxi service desk in the lobby.Good value for money	
Jan 14 2008 	Good hotel Excellent Value	What a good stay. It is really difficult to find a well priced reasonable hotel in Delhi. 5 stars go for $400+ and all the rest just have very mixed reviews. Of all the hotels this looked like the best on trip advisorand was also mentioned in Lonley Planet.They did not disapoint. The hotel cost $50 for two for the night, so brilliant value. The hotel was clean, very nicely appointed and service good. We were in room 309, a little noisy (but we slept fine) from the street, but we wanted to look out. Just ask for a room on the side if you need very quite sleeping time.Great location, between new and Old Delhi, right next to Connaught Place and New Delhi station.We also booked a driver for the day through the hotel and it was excellent value rs650 for the day, 8hrs or 80km.Breakfast was fair with a nice selection was offered on the roof. (no views)Bathrooms and shower all in one but worked well, and this seems to be common in India.If you are looking for nice hotel and are not wanting to pay much this hotel will deliver far more than you expect.Staff were friendly (except for reception).Auto rickshaw to Connaught pace will be about rs100. I think this was too much but out off all the places in India you need to watch out in Delhi. Just set a price before you leave and if you are comfortable with it, it may not be worth the argument for an extra few cents off when you convert back. Much better than I expected	
Jan 13 2008 	Bad experience	This hotel will aggressively try to sell you as many things as it can in terms of guided tours, etc. The lobby is nice enough - and that's all they show you on their website. The room was dingy and smelled. When I asked about going to Agra, the hotel tried to book an exensive guide/driver and would not give me directions to the Delhi train station as an alternative - because there was no commission in it for them. They also said no trains were available - which was a lie. I was promised an early breakfast because I had an early check out and was not given the breakfast. There were other problems and the staff was unpleasant to deal with.	
Jan 13 2008 	Watch for bait 	Nice and clean hotel but do not prepay! They raised our rate when we got there although we paid a month before arriving with a credit card through their website. They gave us an 'employee room', not the superior room we booked until we paid an additional amount. While we were there every night there were travellers at the reception yelling at the front desk managers because they were asking for additional money vs. the prepaid amount so this seems to be standard practice for this hotel. The staff is not friendly and not accommodating although this scam goes against all international hotel reservation rules. Even when you show them their internet printed receipt and E-mails they won't give you a room until you pay an additional amount. This is too bad because otherwise it's a nice hotel.	
Jan 8 2008 	Decent hotel in Delhi	We had travelled to India on a previous trip and stayed in the same area, Pahar Ganj. This is the rundown, cheap traveller area and a bit of a shock if you haven't been to India before. However, the area was safe to walk around and a convenient location.We arrived late at night and were quickly checked in and brought to our room, a couple of minutes later we were called by the front desk and they had given us the super deluxe room instead of the deluxe we had booked and paid for. They said we could move the next day. After a great nights rest and breakfast at the hotel we had our bags ready to move, but our new room wasn't ready and we wanted to go sightseeing. The hotel had no problem with us staying in the superdeluxe room until later that day. Overall the rooms (both the deluxe and superdeluxe) were a great size, with clean bathrooms. The staff was very helpful and always pleasant. I recommended this to other travellers later in our trip and they stayed and enjoyed their stay as well.	
Jan 6 2008 	good choice in Delhi	This hotel was quite a good experience for us. It is certainly not fancy but more than adequate. The rooms were clean and the hotel staff were organized and helped us with our travel arrangements. We found accomadation in delhi to be either too expensive or cheap and got very strong negative reviews. This place is close to the train station which is handy and had good food at the restaurant. They picked us up from the airport our first night there which was great and had all our train tickets and flights booked and ready for us the following morning. We made prior arrangements which saves alot of hassel especially if you are short on time, everything books up fast so plan ahead either on your own or through a good agent. In all honesty Delhi is not a place where you will spend alot of time. Its a big dirty city with alot of noise and poverty however this hotel for us was a good place to stay while in transit to other places. We stayed in both regular rooms and a suite for one night. There is litle if any difference between them so opt for the cheaper rooms as you will probably not be staying long and its really not worth the extra expense. The area is close to a tourist market which is okay and there is some restaurants there. If you are choosing to stay for more than a day or two you may want a nicer place closer to tourist spots but for a day or two its a good choice for exploring and transit through delhi.	
Nov 25 2007 	Dingy hotel	Room was very dark and dingy with only one window that lead to a concrete wall. we also had a guy outside our room all of the time who kept spitting. try to avoid as they clearly don't clean the sheets	
Oct 30 2007 	Only with Caution.....	We booked to stay here 12th October 2007 on our first night in India, then again for the 20th - 22nd October 2007 for our last 2 nights.We were picked up at the airport on the 12th October at gone midnight, and fair play to the driver, he waited a good while for us because our plane was delayed.The check in procedure is a bit lengthy, but we eventually got checked in and taken to our room. Room seemed clean on first inspection, but arriving at that time of night, we didnt really have much choice. The sheets to the bed however were really disgustingly dirty, but we'd thought ahead and brought our own sheets and pillow cases.Our real problem with this hotel came with our &quot;CONFIRMED BOOKING&quot; for the last two nights of our holiday. I called to check the reservation, after hearing of other peoples hotel problems, and was told that we had no booking, that they had never heard of us and that we had never previously stayed at that hotel. Which was news to us!!!The chap on reception told us (rudely) that there were no rooms free, but if we came to the hotel there might be (this we didnt understand at all). I asked for the reservation manager, who is the only person apparantly who could use the computer system, to call me and explain what was going on. Needless to say, he never called, and we found somewhere else to stay!Incase you're interested the other place we stayed at was a b and b in the Defence Colony and it was really good - orchidretreat-bednbreakfast.com.So if you are planning on staying here, bring your own sheets, check your booking several times and dont be surprised if they deny you exist !	
Sep 15 2007 	Rude and unprofessional staff	I tried to check in to the hotel but encountered unprofessional, discourteous and rude staff at the front desk. I was asked for a picture ID and I gave my international driver's license. The hotel manager sent it outside the building to get a photo copy. I waited for over 20 minutes to get back my license. Meanwhile, I paid the advance for the room and my personal details were entered in the hotel register. When there was no sign of the hotel staff returning with my license, I was told that the license will be delivered to my room and I could now check in. But I insisted that I get my license back before I move in to the room since I did not want to take any chances with it. At that point the hotel manager told me rudely that my ID was not good enough and wanted a copy of my passport. I was told that his name was Joginder Sharma. I expressed surprise at his behaviour and called for his supervisor who apologized and offered to help me check in. But Joginder Sharma kept on arguing that he has to follow the rules of the hotel. I asked him why he accepted my driver's license for an ID if he needed the passport and he did not have an answer. Needless to say, I refused and moved to another hotel.	
Mar 10 2007 	Ok	My friend and I stayed in a &quot;suite&quot;. The room we were given had no window. We asked to be moved to a room with a window, which was only granted the next day. Both &quot;suites&quot; were clean and fairly spacious. The showers were open (no door/curtain). The toilets were a bit dirty but ok. You generally have to lower your standards when staying in India. Breakfast was served on a roof terrace. The selection was modest but tasty. The hotel provided cheap Internet access. Beware when checking out: I paid with Visa card and I was told that I had to pay a fee for using the card. I refused and in the end I did not have to pay the fees.	
Mar 10 2007	Great Hotel	Review prepared by two senior citizen couples that have traveled extensively in the far east and limited their hotel cost to between $20 and $40 US per room per night. Stayed in this hotel on two occasions for one night each at a cost of $42 per night per room including breakfast. Found hotel to be excellent. Rooms were clean, of sufficient size, central air conditioning and heat, central hot water, and met all our expectations of a hotel in the city. Bathroom was fully adequate. Breakfast buffet on roof was adequate but not extraordinary. Hotel personnel were friendly, courteous and very professional. Hotel is located near New Delhi train station on a street that has an estimated 30 hotels. The Grand Godwin appeared to be the one of the newest and best. Ten minute taxi from Connaught Plaza. Recommend hotel highly and will stay there on next trip to Delhi. Hotel has own website and recommend booking directly through it.	
Mar 2 2007	Beware the pubic hairs!!	We originally stayed in this hotel for a few nights in Jan after being recommended to it by a couple we met at another establishment. They had pre-warned us that the sheets, although apparently cleaned, did have some mysterious stains - as if they'd been stored on a floor, and that was certainly the case. However, having seen and heard many horror stories about Delhi hotels we figured that wasn't too bad, and at least the showers were hot, it was conveniently located to New Delhi station and breakfast was included (even if it was fairly ropey!). So we decided to book it for our last night in Delhi before we flew back to the UK. Well, that was a mistake. First they claimed that they had no deluxe rooms booked - even though they'd confirmed our booking via email only 2 days before - and tried to charge us for the a Super Deluxe room. When we refused and pointed to where they'd handwritten the correct room booking in their reservation book, they agreed to charge us the rate we wanted - which was lucky because Super Deluxe and Deluxe are exactly the same! Sheets were revolting - covered in pubic hairs and clearly not laundered in between guests. We demanded they replace all the bedding and towels, but even then the sheets were still covered in hairs. It was all so gross I barely slept. At 1500 rupees it's not a cheap hotel for Delhi so I would definitely recommend NOT staying here, EVER!	
Feb 18 2007 	good value	We arrived early morning to Delhi and a lift from the airport was arranged via the hotel (good idea especially if you come for the first time to India). We had no problems to get a room immediately (but double check at the reception the check out time to avoid paying extra). The room was fine, perhaps not up to European standards (good cleaning could help). Staff was rather helpful. The best was the restaurant: quite cheap and really good (the most important: no problems whatsoever afterwards).As regards location, it is only two minutes walk from the Grand Bazar and the New Delhi train station and certainly the street is slightly less crowded that the Grand Bazar. Overall it was not a bad choice, especially compared to other hotels in the area.	
Mar 15 2006	Average Hotel	Our stay at the Grand Godwin was simply average. Its located in the back street of Delhi and looks like a &quot;dodggy&quot; neighborhood. Only the day manager in the front desk seems to be helpful, the others don't seem to speak or understand english. Their travel desk is too expensive. Avoid using them if you can. The rooms are clean but the washroom do not have bath tubs or proper shower areas. If you are looking for clean washroom, DO NOT stay here. Its quite basic but cheap.	
Feb 2 2006	OK Hotel Can dDo Worse and Can Do Better	Currently staying at the Grand Godwin Hotel until 4th Feb 2006. Booked directly after finding their home page.The hotel is situated in the back streets of the Paharhganj district of Delhi.As the reviewer from Canada has stated they d have internet acces but i have just been informed that they charge 25 Rupees per hour and not free as he has stated or as it states on their card.Service in general is ok. Loads of touts once you set foot outside the hotel doors. They also have a Travel and tourism desk but the bloke who runs it seems a bit of a dodgy character. We paid 550 Rupees each (2 of us) for a tour of Agra, Mathura and Brindravan. Sure that we could have got it cheaper.So much to write about but not enough time.Rooms are ok but the Super Deluxe rooms dont have fridges and so you can't chill your drinks etc.	
Jan 9 2006	best value	This small, friendly, cheap, clean hotel is by far the best option I found in Delhi in the 3-star range. Conveniently located next to the train station, it's the perfect place to stop while traveling through Delhi. They have an internet connection that doesn't work superbly well but is free. And you can make cheap phone calls abroad. The restaurant is very decent.	
Aug 24 2009 	Hotel correcto pero no contrates nada con ellos...		
Aug 11 2009 	Habitaciones buenas personal incompetente		
Jul 26 2009 	Optimal		
Jun 24 2009 	buen hotel en paharganj		
May 10 2009 	El Mejor Hotel De Pahar Ganj		
Mar 28 2009 	Mal accueillis et salle de bain basique pour le prix		
Jan 24 2009 	Buena opcion		
Dec 6 2008 	Grand Godwin-halbwegs guter Platz als Zwischenstopp		
Nov 26 2008 	vraiment bien		
Aug 31 2008 	Aceptable		
Aug 24 2008 	Très satisfaisant		
May 10 2008 	Buon rapporto qualità prezzo		
Nov 9 2007 	Hotel normalito		
Feb 12 2007 	unzuverlässig		
Oct 25 2006 	nie wieder		
