Oct 24 2009 	no complaints	It was perfect. nice room, cheap price, and especially the staffs. we will definitely stay in this Hotel Prince International again.	
Mar 8 2009 	Don't bother!	Decided to try this place after reading the two previous positive reviews which I am suspicious of their origin as our experience was not great. Our lift (arranged by the hotel) was not there when we came out of the airport at 1.00am. No prob got a taxi to the hotel which was all dark with people sleeping in the reception area on arrival and one snoring very loudly in the back room(so much so that I thought they were digging the road up). That was ok until we went to our room which smelt like a sewer and was right next to the noisy lift shaft which kept going all night. Our bed was damp which in Feb is not great as it is cold. After about 6 hours in our room we couldn't wait to leave at 8.00am so went down to reception, still staff all asleep in reception area so we picked our way over them and outside where it is dead no rickshaws anywhere. Nobody moves around here until 10am. Someone from the hotel came out and told us to come back in and call us a taxi to the train station as we needed to book tickets to get out of Delhi asap. After half hour of wasting our time finally a man arrives who turns out to be a travel agent, he then spent the next 2 hours trying to terrorise us into hiring a driver for $800US for 4 days! He took us to the back entrance of the train station to make it look as bad as possible, (we later found the front entrance which was fine) and then convinced us we would be better booking our tickets with him (just a lure to get you into the office then the hardsell starts!). When we finally realised we were being done over we decided to leave and they proceeded to try and intimidate us about 2 women using the rickshaws etc etc. We left and had a bit of hassle with the rickshaw drivers but just got out if they wouldn't take us where we wanted to go and eventually we got to the train station about 12pm! Got our tickets in 10 minutes and went straight back to the hotel and checked out and moved over near the train station. This hotel is not in a great location as advertised, it is totally dead and not really Karol Bargh it gives a bad impression of Karol Bargh area. Wouldn't like your chances if you need to get to the Train station early in the morning. You are at the mercy of this hotel once you arrive so be careful. The night staff were pleasant when they woke up and nobody was rude to us but they tried to take advantage of us and our room was rubbish so would not recommend for 900rupees including tax, 500 would be a fairer price compared to what we found. Especially if you can get a room that doesn't smell and is dry and not near the lift.	
Jan 24 2009	Truly a great place	Comfortable, well priced, and very clean. Nice staff, and a good internet connection. They even pickup from the airport. Would stay here again.	
Jan 23 2009 	A Real Bargain in Delhi	This was my first time in India so I really didn't know quite what to expect. When my taxi pulled up in front of the hotel at 3:00 am I was exhausted and more than a little unsure of myself. As soon as I stepped inside the lobby, the staff's attitudes immediately put me at ease. While the hotel is very close to the Karol Bagh Market, it was surprisingly quiet and close to several nice restaurants like Alpha Spice, Raffles (great thali) and Crossroads and about 5 minutes away from a Metro station.. My room was clean and had hot and cold running water. Room service was very quick and the food basic and good. All in all I would heartily recommend Hotel Prince International	
