Apr 8 2008 	Stay Away!	We ended up staying here after our travel agent switched us last minute. By far, it was the worst hotel we have ever stayed in. Staff were rude and dismissive, rooms were like a prison cell and really dirty. The worst thing was the bad smell that was everywhere, the lobby, the rooms, the corridors!! Yuck!	
Mar 21 2008 	An OK hotel for someone who wants to visit CP New Delhi	Well, its a very average hotel, with congested and small rooms. However, the A/C was comfortable and the bathrooms neat and clean.Its a hotel that is ideal for a short stay and charges around Rs 4500/= per night for double room.I guess the main advantage of this hotel is its proximity to the best resturants and shopping place in delhi. Its located in the P block at CP...There is a Mc Donalds right below the hotel and other famous eating joints like Nirulas, KFC, Rodeo..etc are 10 mins walk.The PVR Plaza and PVR Revoli are 5 mins walk from the hotel.Overall an ok property to stay if you are planning to spend most of your time around CP.	
Feb 28 2008 	Overpriced with terrible service	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in Feb 2008. It was my 4th visit to India, and this is the worst hotel I've seen in the country. My wife and I had booked a double room over the phone and followed this up with an e mail. As we were arriving at 4am we wanted security that a room would be availabe. However, when we arrived, after a 8 hour flight, they had let our room go. More accurately, they said our room was &quot;under construction&quot;. No idea what this meant, but as it was 4am we had to make do with a single room, which was drab, cramped and hadn't been updated for about 30 years. We were given a camp bed, which promptly collapsed. The showers don't provide hot water in the night - it takes between 5-10 minutes to &quot;warm up&quot;. We got no apology for the cock-up, just a shrug of the shoulders. We have relatives in Delhi. They were surprised that we were staying there as it has a terrible reputation. I really would avoid this place - it's overpriced for what you get. And the service is really poor. In the interests of fairness, the location is good if you're interested in shopping at Connaught Place. And the restaurant is excellent - the food was tasty, safe and reasonable, and the service, unlike the hotel itself - excellent.	
Oct 4 2007 	"BEWARE" - DON'T STAY HERE"!	Unless you are on a budget ($80 and less) stay elsewhere. Delhi hotels are way way overpriced...keep that in mind. Stayed 1 night Sept 2007. Hotel is about 2 star, stayed in &quot;deluxe&quot; room, slightly larger than others. Bed's hard as a rock, dirty, no hot water. We paid $128AU p/night incl b/fast. Hotel staff O.K, very relaxed vibe. Location on Connaught Place/Radial Outer, near KFC, McDonalds, Pizza Hut (Yuk!), don't expect an Indian experience if you stay in Connaught area as its full of touts, crap shopping and food. Only saving grace is the CoffeeHouse in the inner radial, fantastic food!!!!!Problem with bottled water in fridge - all seals broken and different types of bottles in fridge. Asked reception for a bottle of sealed water and they gave us again an unsealed bottled (you know the ring thing below the lid...broken). They are obviously just collecting bottles and refilling with Delhi water. Go 2 doors down to McDonalds and buy water here, Rs 12 small bottle.If you are on holiday, and don't need stress spend more and go to LeMeridian or Shangri-La ($300AU p/night) and have good food, pool and no stress! If you are on a budget, stay elsewhere.	
Aug 17 2007 	The Worst Hotel I've ever seen	Hotel Alka is a place you really have to avoid if you're planning to stay in Delhi for a night. We booked a double room from Italy, looking at the pictures on their site. When we arrived the room (not cheap as it costs at least 3000 Inr) was the smallest room I've ever seen and without even a WINDOW. The bath was terrific and very dirty and the bottles of water we found in the fridge were refilled as they were already open. The lights were only NEON and the result was that we were really upset. I asked to change my room and they showed us a room even worse. The hotekl terrace was a 1inch square full of destroyed things and garbage and my girlfriend wasn't able even to smoke a cigarette. So, for the 1st time in my life I decided to live the hotel without paying any rupee telling the manager we didn't want to spend a single minute in such rooms. The area of the Hotel is out of Connaught Circus because the P-Block is not in the circle (only A to N blocks are in).	
Feb 15 2007	location good but hotel not good	This hotel is in excellent location but is quite dingy and not even two star rating in my opinon. Hotel arranged airport transfer, it cost 925 rs really too much. On arrival, the hotelier was keen to arrange tours but fortunately that put me off. Most rooms has no natural light.The offical goverment delhi tourism office is at coffee house about 200 yards from the hotel. A full day tour in a air condition coach with an excellent tour guide costs 205 rs but you do have to pay the entry fee at each site. I thought the tour was good value.	
Jan 23 2007	absolutely hopeless	What a nightmere! if anyone is thinking of booking this hotel then forget it! it is not worth the trouble. It has a very central location in Connaught Place (that's the only advantage). The hotel rooms are not worth talking about. They are unclean and we had a job to get the sheets and towels changed daily. Everytime we placed the &quot;please clean my room&quot; tag on the door, the lazy room attendant very cleverly reversed this to read &quot;please do not disturb&quot;. Hence, on our return to the room later in the day, we found it as we had left it. We had to make several pleas to the manager to get our room cleaned. There is just one restaurant (vegetarian) which is boring and service is poor. The coffee shop has about 10 waiters who simply wait and watch the TV despite being called for help several times. The reception staff are just as bad! Even the manager has no time for you. Overall it is the worst hotel we have ever been to so far in India. Never again!	
Nov 24 2006	bad choice the smell is the first sign	we wanted to be centrally located but didn't want to pay luxury hotel prices and Alka was recommended at the airport...the elevator was being torn apart in the lobby, that was ok, then there was the smell of the hallways with the rotting carpet, bad sign. The room was ok, the only window looking out to the stairwell- why they put a window there I will never understand. Anyway, the smell of the hallways started creeping into the room and we couldn't get to sleep until 3am. Its central but being central in Delhi isn't neccesarily a good thing, it's a really dirty city. We left first thing in the morning and made our way to the Hotel Vikram in Lajpat Nagar, south delhi, which was clean and lovely and smelled great....	
Nov 17 2006 	Welcome to the House of Mirrors	The best thing about the Alka Hotel is it's good location - right in Connaught Place in the very heart of New Delhi. It's a relatively clean and tidy small hotel, but the decor is dated. The decorators - back in 60's or 70's - went beserk with mirrors! One small hallway on the second floor has mirrored walls and ceilings. In my room all the walls were mirrored ... stepping out of the shower and bathroom into the bedroom was my naked reflection in the mirrors into infinity (not a pretty sight!!!!) The lobby walls are adorned with fancy gilt-framed mirrors! Are the owners of this place also in the mirror business??? By the way the restaurant on the second floor -- not the vegetarian one off the lobby -- had excellant food in a dimly lit romantic setting. The staff was friendly and helpful.	
Jul 10 2006	One of the Worst Hotels I have ever stayed	One of the travel agents booked this hotel for us (myself, wife and two children) for two nights. The lobby itself gave notice of what was in store for us. We were booked into a deluxe room, which when shown brought my wife to tears. I managed to talk the receptionist (man) to upgrade us to a &quot;superior deluxe&quot; room which was slightly bigger. No hot water, unclean (I am being polite) linen and floors. One has to bend down to walk the corridors of the hotel. Luckily we were out shopping most of the day and were dead tired to notice anything upon return.The hotel is a text book definition of a &quot;seedy hotel&quot;. THEIR CLAIM OF FOUR STARS IS A SHAM....STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL.Did not even dare try the complimentary breakfast....had breakfast at the adjacent Saravana Bhavan (most recommended). We checked out as fast as we could on our last day to check into the Intercontinental Grand. Could not stop my wife and kids grinning ear to ear just entering into the Intercontinental's lobby.	
Mar 11 2006	I wish I read the reviews before I went	Spent 5 nights there, and it WAS a disgrace. I was in tears the moment we got there. The lady at the desk was rude, and just did not seem bothered: she kept answering the phone instead of checking us in. Got to our room and realised why it was so dark....there was no windows, it was small and cramped and no facilities were available.On paper it was 4*, but in reality this place had no class to it at all. The room was hurrily cleaned, the bathroom was worn into and the place smelled of stale urine.The male members of staff just kept staring (its bad enough outside- but in a hotel just adds insult).Our 'complimentary' breakfast they tried to charge for, and the breakfast was a waste of time. Only thing we could have was cold toast and coffee/tea from a dirty thermos. I asked for a banana, but that was too difficult; they cannot give 1 banana as its not on the menu they have to give me a fruit platter as that is on the menu.....?!I questioned whether this was a 4* and was told that they were 'no doubt'. But trust me- I seriously had doubts.Do not go there, even if you are desperate..The only positives things were that it was close to Connaught place- which is good for shoppong/eating and the Vega restaurant had good food.	
Mar 8 2006	What a horrible place!	We stayed there for 5 nights and I can't say we were very pleased with anything except the Vega restaurant. The staff speak/understand very litle English, our promised (confiremd via email) hotel airport pickup service never arrived and we never got a clear explanation of why... The rooms are small and old. They are also dusty, toilets leak, bathrooms have broken tiles, the tv signals are very poor and often not there at all. Rooms with carpets have a strange smell to them.The staff expected tip for the smallest things like opening the door for you. If you didn’t tip they were clearly not pleased.When ordering roomservice we would often get the incorrect order (due to their lack of english skills). We ordered &quot;Black tea&quot; and got a Blanket. We orderd food with NO CHILLLIES and got food so hot they probably would have had problems eating it themselfs. The phone in the room was of huge annoyance. Either they had disconnected our phone (for no apparent reason) or the phone simply didn't work. At any other hotel in India one gets a decent breakfast consisting of Indian dishes and/or nice continental foods. Here you only get jam, an omlette, 2 pieces of dry toast, warm juice and tea/coffe. 2 extra pieces of toast will cost you 30 Rs. The hotel is gloomey and strangely dark. It is by far luxurious or elegant. I was completely shocked when I looked at their website after staying there - the information is absolutely misleading. How such a hotel can claim to be a 4* hotel I cannot comprehend at all. I have stayed in 2* hotels that are 1000 times better than this. This is more like a 1 * hotel. It would make a good backpackers.	
Jan 1 2006	Don't believe the 4* rating!	Stayed in Alka for 3 nights, do not believe the 4* rating, the hotel would be lucky to score 2* in any other countries. The room was falling apart, with mirrors all around but no natural light. The airconditionining had to be turned on by ringing up the reception. Do not ask the &quot;travel desk&quot; to put you in touch with an agent, as they will charge you through the nose for a &quot;city tour&quot; consisting of the driver ferrying you from shops to shops where they get commission. While you're at it, try to arrange your own taxis as well as the receptionists only call their chums who charge you through the nose and refuse to switch on the meter. The only good thing about the hotel is probably their vegetarian restaurant, Vega.	
Dec 19 2005	An awful hotel	In short - horrible location, albeit central, on squalid Connaught place - stay in South Delhi instead. Cramped, dirty rooms with no window and substandard soundproofing. Staff were rude, and were aggrieved when we didn't give them a tip. Avoid.	
Oct 27 2009 	??????????????????		
