Sep 21 2009 	Not as great as the pictures....	the staff were good, expect the driver (night) failed to turn up to pick up from the airport. So do have the full address as the cab driver from the airport could not find the place for ages. Rooms are spacious but dated. The Hi Fi internet did not work- i changed hotels because of that plus the lift was not working. In addition to that u dont get much choice for breakfast and had to stay mainly in the room. The hotel has a day driver - quick and street smart- that helped. Near the tube/ metro. Draby place with no frills but reflects the price, you should not pay more than 1200 to 1500 rupees including all taxes as abt 500 more takes u into a different class in the same vicinity.Suggest you book for a day and than extend your stay if you like the place.	
Aug 18 2008 	really a great staff!	Everything it's ok. Room, bathroom, the staff. Good place and good people. They help you with a smile on their faces.	
Mar 15 2008 	Nice central location - great staff!	The airport pickup guy had to wait 2 hours for our late plane - no problem, he was there and we connected easily (this was at 2am in the morning!). The middle of the night arrival at the hotel (we came from the U.S) was a bit of a shock, but it turned out to be perfectly ok. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The location is right within easy walking distance to all kinds of shopping as well as to the (excellent) subway station. (subway costs 8 roepies one way). The only (sort of) complaint is that there was a bit of noise up until about 11pm. The clean rooms did not provide top sheets on the bed (we did not care as we carried our own). The food at the roof top restaurant is marginal (we only tried breakfast), but there is an excellent restaurant within walking distance on the same road (called &quot;Tempting&quot;).This hotel also arranged a car for us to return to the airport (750 roepies). All worked out great! For a day auto rickshaw drive for around $20, we would highly recommend Bill, phone [--]. He is quite trustrworthy and will show you a great time! Tell him, Dutch recommended him!	
Oct 2 2006	A lot of history but a tough crowd	I came back from a one week trip to New Delhi and surrounding areas. We stayed in a budget hotel called Indraprastha at Karol Bagh. Its situated on Tank Road nestled between Ajmal Khan Road and Gurdwara Road. Right next to it is the Bengal Sweet Center. The hotel is decent. I travelled with my whole family (wife, 2 kids and mom). We stayed in a double room with extra bed. A/c room. The room size was not big but given our family size I have no complains. The hotel is generally clean and the management in general helpful. They have a 24hr travel desk and offer airport pickup for a fee. For Rs 1740+12.5% tax it was a decent deal (inclusive of Rs 350 for the extra bed and including breakfast which was not that great and served by a very serious guy) . Karol Bagh is quite central and the hotel is right next to Ajmal Khan road with can be a shoppers delight. Plenty of restaurants around. Their website is [--]Don't go by the pictures in their website for room size. My double room had a single queen size bedOf the big indian cities I have visited, Delhi seems to be the cleanest, seems to have the best roads. Drivers also seem to follow traffic rules in general within the inner city and also seem to be mindful of the omnipresent traffic cops. People sitting in the front seats have to compulsorily wear seat belts.The people in general here are tough. Plenty of street arguments especially traffic related. They don't seem to smile much and they have a very in-different attitude to providing service. I'm told that people here are very status conscious and money matters a lot. Although I didn't take a auto-rickshaw I heard they are a rip-off. Delhi has a lot of historical sites. For the kids there is Zoo, Appu Ghar, Doll Museum etc. Although I didn't try it, there is also a boat trip along the lake next to the old fort. The most impressive of the places for me was the red fort for all its history and fall from grandeur.I visited Haridwar/Hrishikesh/Agra/Mathura/Brindavan. Very impressed with the roads/highways. Concrete and the trafiic moves very smoothly. 100kms is vey do-able.I stayed overnight at Haridwar at Ganga Azure near the railway station and in the market. Not bad. Again clean and reasonably spacious for the prize. Rs 1500 for 5 (incld kids) for one night inclusive of taxes. The Har ki Pauri (Ganges) is a decent walk from here although there are plenty of rickshaws for Rs 15/-. The restaurant at the hotel is pretty Ok.	
Aug 26 2008 	Pésimo trato y pésimo hotel		
