	Service was Crap!!	My spouse and I arrived at the Hotel Legend around 9pm after a long flight. Our bags had not arrived, so we were tired and all we could thing of was a hot shower and food. Upon arrival at the hotel we received a very cold welcome at the reception. We were told if we want food to call the kitchen, however upon calling to place an order we were told they didnt have any food. The staff ordered food for us from outside and charged us 3 times the price. When it came time for a shower, one EACH night we had to request the staff to turn on the hot water so we could have a hot shower. We also had to tell the staff to turn on the AC in our room (very frustrating!). Our bed sheets had to be changed twice because they were blood stained and it seemed like the sheets were never changed from the previous occupants.Yuck!! I know this is a budget hotel, but these simple services should at least be mandatory in a hotel thats boasts about 24hr hot water/AC and a simple smile would go a long way.	
Nov 21 2009 	Budget hotel nothing more	Given I've travelled to India previously and stayed in some very cheap, but great accommodation, I was happy to book Hotel Legend as the reviews were good, despite it being super cheap ($39 AUD per night). However, compared to other properties we stayed in during this recent trip, I'd have to say that I don't agree with many of the reviews currently listed for Hotel Legend. My husband and I found it to be a budget property with not much else to offer....the room definitely didn't look as nice as those in the pictures, the only sheet on the bed was quite stained and I had to ask for a top sheet to use with the questionably clean blanket. We did have hot water, but the toilet didn't flush, which wasn't a huge surprise. Staff were OK, location was always going to be busy given it's close to the train station and essentially in the heart of backpacker district, but all in all, I don't feel Hotel Legend deserves the average &quot;very good&quot; rating that it's been given.	
Nov 16 2009 	Looks impressive on the website but pretty average hotel	Hotel Legend International looked impressive on their website but was a fairly average hotel. The location was fine - walking distance to restaurants but a lengthy rickshaw ride to Chandi Chowk, fort etc. Lots of staff at the hotel that seemed to just sit around and argue but not do a whole lot of work. The rooms were fine - clean &amp; comfortable, usual wet bathroom but the toilets didn't really flush (nor was there always hot water). The rooms were noisy - there was a telephone that rang continuously on our floor, all through the night and was never answered or turned down. The restaurant food was awful - old rice that looked like it was half rice/half grubs, tasteless curries, bad chai (with rice in it) and bad service - only one menu for the entire restaurant, when we were taking too long (all of a few minutes) looking at it, the hotel staff whipped it out of our hands and gave it to someone else. For 1500 INR per night, I think you could probably find a better value hotel in Delhi.	
Oct 5 2009 	Good value for money good location	I stayed here on three occasions during the summer with my girlfriend and members of my extended family who were in India for a wedding. It's in a great central location right next to New Delhi train station which is helpful for internal travel. The Metro also stops here so it's good for getting around the city. Some of my lesser-travelled family members found the area a bit rough and ready but we found it safe enough once you take the usual precautions. It's only a 5 minute stroll to the Main Bazaar in Pahar Ganj and about a 10-15 minute walk to Connaught Place. The communication from management before our arrival was good and they were helpful overall. Rooms are clean with big comfortable beds. Some rooms have fridges and others don't. They are not very roomy as other reviews here have mentioned but as we spent the majority of our time out and about exploring Delhi, we found them perfectly adequate. The A/C worked well in any room we stayed in. Staff are very (too) attentive at times and are plentiful. One thing that we would have liked was a restaurant or lounge of some sort as we had to eat in our room all the time if we stayed in the hotel. They were talking of opening a roof-top restaurant when we were leaving which would be a good addition. There wasn't too much noise from outside but this depends on where your room is located also. There were staff telephones, which were located on the half-landing, ringing from early morning which was a bit irritating but the volume can be turned down. This is worst when you stay in any of the rooms ending in -01, -02, -03. I brought it up with the management and they said they would try to rectify matters so hopefully it might be sorted for future guests.The only real negative aspect of our stay was the behaviour of the Travel Agent in the lobby. He was very pushy, unpleasant to deal with and over-charged members of our group a significant amount on a few occasions. The service he provided was also sub-standard when we travelled in a car organised by him to Jaipur. (We left an hour late, were charged more than others in the same car, were dumped out a few miles from the city centre in Jaipur and had to pay to get another TukTuk into town). There is no shortage of travel guys in Delhi so shop around! Apart from this we found out stay at the hotel to be positive overall. Very good value for money, clean, central and comfortable.	
Oct 4 2009	funky design in an amazing neighbourhood eat on the roof	Our first night in India, arriving at 4am after a bus crew couldnt locate hotel. (TIP Print off own map of your hotels) Friendly staff ,especially on the rooftop resturant, very pleasant rooms and great location and value. Its not luxury but clean, and some of our group found the area a bit intimidating. It is a vibrant hectic place with a tourist road right amoungst the locals. Everybody we met smiled and wanted to talk with transport around very easy. We had great meals up on the roof with the staff so accomodating and enjoyable. A briiliant start to our visit to India.	
Sep 27 2009	great service strange location...	If you are willing to be a taxi-ride away from the action, this hotel was really quite good! They had a large service staff who were welcoming and smiling at every opportunity (maybe this was because we were a large group, or that we were nice and appreciative towards everything they did for us). I had a single? room on the ground floor, right next to the computers and travel desk. The room was quite large and even had a double-sized bed. The bathroom was great, too, but as with everywhere in India (so far) teh bathrooms tend to get hot during the day so remember to close it as you leave!! There are two computers available for free internet access, one wasn't working when I was there and they actually let me use theirs in their little office! There'sa lift, which is always a bonus, and a rooftop restaurant. The food was wonderful for any meal of the day, and none of the 18 of us got sick! One night we had bought too many beers and shared some with some of the service guys- they thought we were fantastic! If I could give any negatives they would be that you aren't really close too much, and that it was really tricky to find initially. It was also pretty noisy with street noises, but earplugs are a fantastic invention!!	
Aug 4 2009 	Good value for money ( 20£) and good location	Stayed there for two nights Aug.2009. Excellent location--close to New Delhi Train Station ( NOT NIZMUDDIN AS I ORIGINALLY THOUGHT) and Connaught Place.The hotel lobby was inviting and clean, and the room we had was clean, although small. ( Made smaller by furniture that was too large for the room) The bathroom was large and clean--bring your own shampoo. Towels were small, but I asked for some bigger ones, the sheets on the bed were stained, so I asked for,and recieved clean sheets. Breakfast is included but is NOT buffet style..you order it from the menu and eat in your room.That struck me as kind of weird..but was fine. Be careful though, the servers simply knocked THEN WALKED IN...to prevent this, always lock your door. The room was cheap--20£ per night--and overall a really good budget hotel. DOWNSIDES--there were always many loiterers in the lobby and on the stairs....I didnt understand that. Also, there were loiterers in hte halls,outside our room...ready for our beck and call. Tipping is appreciated--and can go a long way to better service!Overall...a 8/10 for a budget hotel	
Jul 25 2009 	Fantastic Value for money	I booked the hotel from england, before travelling to delhi, as all previous reviews had been pretty positive. I was not bothered about the location, as I was only stopping in Delhi for the one night before going to Punjb next day. There were 9 of us in total (3 families including kids). We were picked up from the airport (taxi driver waited even though we were about 2 hours late), taken to the hotel,check in was quick, and I was really impressed with the rooms. I booked two trible bed rooms, which has one super kink bed and a single bed. Rooms were very clean, and were ensuite. For the price, no one can complain, we ordered food at around 2 am, and although they had to go outside to get it, but was really good. The whole stay cost me around £100, that includes airport pickup, and drop off at the railway station. I liked it that much that before I flew back to england, i stopped there again. Really recommend this hotel to anyone who is unsure about budget accommodation in delhi, as i was before I booked.	
May 18 2009 	In such a busy city this hotel was just what we needed	Although the rooms were quite small, they are no smaller than those in hotels in other cities elsewherein the world.Delhi is such a crazy place, that after a busy day walking, the room was much appreciated. The rooms were very clean. The staff were very helpful. I would recommend this hotel.	
May 18 2009 	Good	i stayed in the property for 7 days and the stay and service was good	
May 17 2009 	Good location but not value for money	For us, the location was great as it was a five minute walk to the new dehli train station, but the hotel room was dark, air con didn't work and constant noise throughout the day and night . . and no hot water! 'Very hard sale' by the in-hous travel agent was annoying and worth avoiding at all costs.For what we paid, it really wasn't value for money.	
Apr 26 2009 	Good Value near New Delhi train station	This hotel was comfortable and very easy on my budget. It is located a short walk from the New Delhi train station and Metro stop. The street it is located on is somewhat lively so you may hear some noise but I was not disturbed by it. The online booking process was easy and accurate. I opted for the airport pickup through the hotel, the driver was on time and friendly.	
Apr 24 2009 	Probably not the Best Hotel in the Area. Probably.	There's nothing really wrong with this place - the staff are ok, the room was acceptable and the bathroom, although prone to get absolutely soaked when using the shower (remove all clothing and toilet roll before using), is fine. That said, we struggled with the hot water and the place is very, very noisy at night. We did arrange for the hotel to pick us up from the airport which they confirmed (twice) but then didn't do as they wrote down the wrong date. This was a good thing though - we got a prepaid taxi for R350 while the hotel was charging R600. They made up for it by giving us free toilet paper when we left, though be aware if you buy bottled water from them they seem to make up the price each time - it can cost anything from R15 to R25. It's a great location for a number of things - New Delhi train station is 5 mins walk away, and they have an excellent facility for travellers to book train tickets - go to the 1st floor and follow the signs and do not listen to ANYONE who tells you otherwise. You're also 3mins by rickshaw from Connaught Place and not much further from chaotic Old Delhi. When you arrive a walk down the nearby Old Bazarr should get you into the spirit of things.The hotel gives home to a rather sleazy looking fellow who will, almost as soon as you get in, try to sell you all sorts of tours, viewing experiences, train tickets and assorted malarky. It's rather frustrating when you want to just check in and take a shower, even more frustrating when he badgers you every morning, noon and night - I believe he actually lives on the sofa by his desk. Take him with a pinch of salt, laugh at his outrageously inflated / fluctuating prices, and then ignore him - he's harmless.	
Apr 20 2009 	Uneasy ambience and pushy travel agent	We booked here after reviews on this site seemed good but only stayed here for a quick nap as we arrived 11 hours late at 10am the next morning. We rang and told them to pick us at the domestic terminal but the driver didn't show up - we rang him but he couldn't find us (but couldn't tell us where he was?) and told us to get a taxi ourselves. When we arrived at the hotel the travel agent tried to charge us Rs650 for the non-existent pickup - after some arguing on two occasions we didn't pay him. The room was clean enough but there was no hot water and the toilet didn't flush - it just sprayed water from it's pipework across the bathroom floor. The main concern was the number of people loitering on the stairwells and in the lobby which didn't make us feel all that secure here so was glad we only stayed for a very short time before catching a train. The good thing about the hotel is it is only a 5 minute walk to New Delhi train station - can't think of much else though!	
Apr 16 2009 	nice retreat in busy delhi	We enjoyed a 5 day stay at this hotel.We were able to negociate a slightly cheaper price on arrival which is worth doing, approximately 1400 rupees.They arranged pick up from another hotel near the airport.The man organising trips/travel at the front was a bit pushy but otherwise the staff were ok, not overly friendly but not rude.We ordered room service a few times whcih was really nice.The room itself was very comfortable and spacious, air con and bathroom were good.Would happily stay again.Also free internet in the lobby.	
Apr 6 2009 	Good News- Bad News	We chose Hotel legend among other similar &quot;budget&quot; properties in the neighborhood partly based on the comments by the manager here in these reviews. The rooms were pretty much as expected although ours had no windows, and service was acceptable. We had some items stolen from our luggage there, which included a small amount of cash, I miss the money clip more than the dollars. Part of the problem is that everyone in the lobby knows your plans. The 'travel agent' is a loud-mouth, and all employees knew our travel plans for the day which gave almost everyone within earshot the opportunity to know when we were away. There seems to be a number of 'employees' lingering about with nothing to do, and we got a feeling of unease about them watching us. Since we can't prove anything, we can only say, use an extra amount of caution at The Legend.The 'complimentary' breakfast was as expected and sufficient. However, unless you eat in your room, the other option is on the rooftop which has the atmosphere of an industrial air conditioner. The tables are located under a green piece of plexiglass which gives your eggs and toast a nice, greenish tint. The internet only worked half of the time.	
Mar 31 2009 	Great location clean good value	This was my first experience of a hotel in India, the first stop in a three week trip. Of the horror stories I had read about hotels I wasn't sure what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised. This hotel was as advertised..the price as quoted, it indeed had hot water as I was to discover many places said they did but actually didn't, it was reasonably clean and it even had toilet paper..!! The staff were friendly, we were able to use the Internet in the lobby whenever we wanted. I would say it was good value for the money. Also I arranged for a car to pick us up at the airport and it was there..!! So overall we were quite pleased.	
Mar 29 2009 	Nothing special but it does the job	This hotel could be freshened up a bit as the pictures look much nicer than what you actually get, it is really noisy (both the city and the staff are extremely noisy) and it feels a bit overpriced. Besides this, and considering it'd Delhi, the rooms are big and relatively clean. It's also 5 minutes away from the train station, so the location is great, especially if you're getting an early flight.	
Mar 26 2009 	A Decent Place to Stay	I chose this hotel based on trip advisor reviews and was pleased with my decision. The rooms are pretty basic and the towels could definitely stand to be replaced, but the bed was comfortable and it was nice to have TV in the room. The travel guy in the lobby is definitely shady and will change his quoted price every time you talk with him. However, if you do bring up a price that you got at some other travel agency, he'll definitely move on his prices. Breakfast is okay, but dinner is fantastic. Personally, I didn't find the hotel to be particularly noisy, but they did seem to be doing construction somewhere in the hotel as there was a constant pounding during the day up until about 9pm. I just chalked it up to it being India and didn't let it bother me. Paharganj is definitely not the nicest place in Delhi but it is close to the railway station, which, when you're catching a 6am train is exactly where you want to be. Overall, I'm happy with my stay.	
Mar 18 2009 	Good location if you want to see Phaharganj	The Paharganj market district is one of Indias must see attractions, that was my main reason for staying here. However the Hotel is satisfactory in every way, clean rooms and good service. A good budget hotel.	
Mar 13 2009 	Great clean hotel good value for money!	We always make it a point to head straight for this hotel whenever we are in New Delhi. It's so close to the charming shops of Paharganj, all the services are nearby, the rail station is so close and Connaught Place is just a short rickshaw ride away. When we first stayed here in 2007, the security guard used to come and take our toddler from the vehicle to the door! I love the left luggage facility, it means that we can use New Delhi as a base and not haul our 6 suitcases all over India! It can be a bit noisy with all the room service buzzers going off but it's clean, inexpensive, and the service is great. We'd recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Mar 11 2009	terrible- bad location	The hotel is located in one of the worse locations in New Delhi! There was no hot water, limited amounts of toilet paper, the TV channels kept going and the noise from outside was so bad that even ear plugs could not block it out. I would not recommend the breakfast, also the guy who sells the tours was very shady, kept changing prices????I would not recommend this hotel as its not in a safe location and your bound to get ripped of!	
Mar 9 2009 	Patience is needed - especially if you don't have any laundry	Looking back our stay here was so comically and surreal.Very nice location close to the train station, but it is also a very noicy street, The staff english was quite limited, and even upon arrival we were asked if we had any laundry. Since we were going home in two dayes the answer was no.The rooms are quite smallish, but comfortable enough. However the walls are extremly thin, and you can hear every word being said in the hall. We even had a bellboy stationed outside our room, and even thought he didn't understand a word of danish, privacy was limited.Every time we went outside our room, we were asked if we had any laundry, and imagine their dissapointment when my tailormade dress arrived at the hotel, and they thought we had our laundry done elsewhere. I actually had to show them my dress, to make them understand.Roomservice came to the immidiatly (after all, he sat just outside) but they usually forced their way into the room, which was quite annoying.I would recoomend this hotel, after all, we ended up having a blast, and some very strange and funny memories of this hotel ;o)	
Mar 7 2009 	good value for money	Stayed at the hotel in the first week of March with my wife and 3 yr old daughter. Good clean rooms, with decent food, average hospitality. Happy with their luggage storage facility, when we twice left the hotel for different tours. Did not use the tour operator in the hotel lobby for the 1st tour (based on previous reviews on this website!). The tour operator was distraught and immediately gave me a very good rate for the 2nd tour, as well as the return trip to the airport (better than the tour operator across the road).	
Feb 23 2009 	Terrible service poor location	We booked to stay at the hotel legend for 3 nights in february. We informed the hotel via email that we would be arriving late at night and they agreed to meet us at the airport. When we arrived in delhi, no-one from the hotel was at the airport and we could not get through on the phone.We eventually got a taxi and when we arrived at 2am there was a group of men sitting in reception. We were told that the hotel was full and when we said we had a booking they got another gentleman who just said they were full and to come back tomorrow with no apology or explanation as too why our booking had fallen through. By this time we were exhausted and the road the hotel was on looked very dodgy so luckily our taxi driver found us a much nicer hotel in another area. We will definetly not be coming back.	
Feb 5 2009 	Good hotel in great location	A good clean and safe hotel in a fantastic part of Delhi. Very close to the railway station and only a 5 minute auto ride from Connaught Place. The staff were helpful although sometimes pestered a little and although there is no restaurant as such the food is very good - we used the roof terrace several times to eat. The rooms are clean and spacious with comfortable beds, tv and some have a fridge.Look out for a wonderful staff member called Ramu - a very lovely and helpful chap - tip him well :)I would certainly stay here again and would definitely recommend it to anyone.	
Feb 5 2009 	Safe clean comfortable hotel in Paharganj.	As other reviewers I liked Legend and stayed a total of 8 nights. I would also recommend it to others. Compared to others in this price range (1200-1500 Rs) the rooms are well furnished (very good mattresses), clean and safe (sturdy doors with good locks).Room service is efficient, free internet in lobby, staff are friendly and the food is good and tasty (rooftop seating available).As per other reviewers I would warn against using the travel agent who is seated in the lobby 24 hours! His services are all overpriced and he hassled me continuously whenever I was in the lobby area. You need to fight him off! To book train tickets there is a good place across the road which only charges 75 Rs commission.Overall this place really feels like home-from-home and is warmly recommended.	
Jan 20 2009 	comforts of home in Delhi	For our first few nights in intimidating India we booked with the Legend Hotel, and we were glad we did. It's a little higher than our usual budget, but having a comfortable place to get over jet lag was worth it. The street is still pretty busy but the interior of the hotel was very nice. Everything is very new. We had a great bed, good TV, and mostly hot water. Room service was good and pretty cheap as well. I'd highly recommend this hotel while you're getting used to the chaos here, or simply to anybody who enjoys having a larger room.	
Dec 11 2008 	Good value for the price	My first night I stayed at Ajanta hotel and was quite dissatisfied because for 3000 rs you can find better place in that area. The international legend is a good choice because:1. I paid about 1000 rs for room with TV and 1400 for room with LCD TV. 2. Internet is free.3. The hotel was almost empty, when others were full.4. The cleaning is very good. After cleaning the room smells good.5. I liked the doors. The rest of the hotels in that area have doors that looked really bad.Minuses:1. Tiped waiter 20 rs and then every morning he knocked the door at 8am trying to clean something or do something for me. Really annoying. Especially if you usually get up at 10.2. i do not know why people say that location is good. it is true that hotel is very close to railway station but the area looks like Berlin after WWII. Many people, very dirty streets.3. Do not buy tours from travel agency in the hotel. They are really overpriced and guy who sells these tour is not nice at all.4.Hot water is woring only in the morning time. At the evening you have to bakshesh waiters to turn on boiler.Anyway, place is good value choice.	
Dec 8 2008 	good location average value	booked the hotel through email. rate of 2250rs incl tax and breakfast for a super deluxe. the room itself dont quite feel like super deluxe. the window was tiny and gave no view at all. i specifically asked what difference there existed between a deluxe and a super deluxe and the hotel replied that the super deluxe provided a fridge, a TV and more space. well... to the contrary as advertised the fridge seemed non-functioning for quite some time. it wasnt switched on at all. and the room didnt feel very spacious. the TV was the only thing that worked as promised and was a 26inch sony LCD.on the plus side, the room was rather clean (with the exception that there were a couple of cockroaches that got killed as soon as sighted) and bed was comfy. breakfast was cooked to standard. but to have hot shower (24h as advertised), i actually needed to phone frontdesk so that some ppl got the heater switched on (centrally controlled). when i first called at 10pm (after whole day of sightseeing) the frontdesk person told me to have hot shower next morning! only when i clearly told them that was unacceptable did they switch it on. and a further 20mins wait before hot water was available.the location itself is quite good. being 5 min walk from new delhi train station in PG. and internet that worked was provided free - which is always a plus esp when it was at a time around the mumbai terror attack.never get talked into deal by the hotel travel agency ppl - they overcharge. for a taxi trip to qutb minar and then to airport, the man quoted us 800rs and refused to negotiate. we went out, and greeted by a driver and got it 500rs without much negotiation. the frontdesk ppl were decent in providing price index though, and didnt try talk you into some deal of theirs.a B&amp;B south of CP may offer better hospitality and personality. but they typically charged in the range of 3500rs upwards. so given this comparison, i give this hotel a 3 star rating, mainly for its location and average price/performance ratio.	
Nov 20 2008 	Pretty good hotel	This was quite a nice hotel in a good location. We stayed there twice in a three week period. The room was pretty clean and the staff were very helpful - there was always someone available to help out. We had a couple of small issues - there weren't any sheets on the bed, only a blanket (not uncommon in India though - I'd recommend carrying a sheet/sleeping bag liner) and on both visits we had to ask for the air con and the hot water to be switched on. On the whole though, a pretty good place for the price.	
Nov 17 2008 	Perfect Stay!!	We stayed at this hotel from 23rd October for 2 nights and I have to say it was an oasis of calm in mad Delhi!!We originally were to stay in the Rama Deluxe but one look at the bathroom and I demanded to move to the Legend after reading about it on Trip Advisor.The hotel is very clean, the staff are very polite and nothing is too much trouble. the main point is that it is quiet, despite being in the middle of Delhi! The bedsheets were a little worn but this was not really a major problem, we also had to wait for 5 minutes for the water to heat up in the shower but this is a problem all over India.We also tried the breakfast, and was very pleased with that too.If you are looking for a reasonably priced, clean hotel for a few nights in Delhi then this is the perfect place. Frankly, this hotel deserves a better ranking on Tripadvisor that 31, it should be in the top 10! Well done Hotel Legend International.	
Oct 22 2008	Wonderful	I and my wife stayed at Hotel Legend, New Delhi for 3 nights in September.The room given to us was on 3rd floor. It was a nice, big room with good furniture. The room was clean and comfy.The Interiors of the hotel is real good(specially their 1st floor lobby) and service is also good.I would highly recommend this hotel for all.Only 1 problem they have internet in the lobby, no Wifi net.	
Aug 12 2008 	Good hotel Clean and resonable price.	I've been to Delhi many times for bussiness. The hotel price in Delhi is very expensive according to their level. I found this hotel by tripadvisor and tried, it's a surprise to have such a good hotel at this price. It's clean, with big room. The service is very good. The only problem is Wifi, there is no wifi, I have to go to the lobby to use Internet.Linong Guo from China	
Apr 24 2008 	nice...	i'd tried to book hotel ajanta close to hotel legend, but it was booked up so i was placed in hotel legend instead. i liked it. had a room on the top floor and it was a pleasant surprise, clean, spacious and quiet.	
Feb 8 2009 	Muss nicht sein...		
