Oct 22 2009 	Poor  run down	A very rundown hotelOnly basic amenitiesRestaurant was very basic as wellCleanliness - passable	
Oct 30 2008	Avoid Pablas at all costs!	We arrived at Pablas International around 10pm, dragged all of our luggage into the lobby, and someone named Arif greeted us and asked how our trip was. The hotel lobby was nice and we were happy to finally be there and get checked into our rooms. Then Arif broke the news that he didn't have any rooms for us at Pablas. He said that he had &quot;better&quot; rooms at a hotel down the street called &quot;Ranouk&quot; (I can't get remember the exact name, but it was something like that). I asked why he had us unload our bags from the car if he didn't have rooms for us - how annoying. It became clear that Arif was giving us the run around - he just wanted us to come to the hotel and make sure he didn't lose any commissions. It was late and we didn't have too many options other than to stay down the street - so we loaded our luggage back into the car and went to the other hotel - and boy was it a dive! We found a different hotel the next day. We got a refund from hotels.com and Pablas didn't dispute it. I ran into another unhappy traveler at the &quot;hotel down the street&quot; and he said the same thing happened to him. It looks like a nice enough hotel, but what difference does it make if they don't have a room for you when you make a reservation?	
Apr 7 2008 	Passable Pablas	This place was ok - the rooms were big but not necessarily clean - nicer than a hostel though. The staff were mostly helpful but quite rude if you weren't to take them up on their 'city taxi tour offers'. The buffet breakfast was ok but sometimes cold and not necessarily value for money. I was moved to a different room each night of my stay - so perhaps best just for one night stopovers!	
Mar 5 2008	Occupied despite credit card guaranteed reservation	We had made a reservation trough an internet booking agency (hotel.de) guaranteed by credit card. All rooms were occupied at check-in time. The obvious reason wasthat all individual reservations were cancelled to accomodate agroup of 20 people that arrived shortly later.	
Feb 15 2008	Hot water please!	I returned from New Delhi, India on December 19, 2007 and I just wanted to give my overview of my 10 day stay in Hotel Pablas International. On the positive side, the staff there were very accomodating and friendly. The hotel itself had the basic amenities that you would expect in the US. There was Internet access, cable stations and shopping geared towards tourists. However, I thought that I would describe some of the differences that made our stay less than favorable. For one thing, we had to request new linen and that our room be cleaned. None of the staff really explained to us how room service worked. And after 3 days the room was in desperate need of attention. Another issue was the roach infestation on my first night at the hotel. When I couldn't tell whether or not we were in the roachs' room or he was in ours, I assassinated the creature and contacted the front desk. Soon thereafter, a staff person came to the room and simply threw the remains in the trash, nodded to me and left. I was too exhausted to debate the issue. Then, a couple of days later I saw another insect. And, I guess that other guests complained to the point that the hotel management decided to spray all of the rooms with a pesticide. This would have normally been good news except that none of the guests were warned about the indoor crop dusting and we nearly suffocated. Another thing to be cautious of is to know how much US money you are actually tipping taxi drivers or hotel staff. Unsavy foreigners can be tricked and duped if you don't negotiate carefully. Another good rule of thumb is not to give the women and children that surround the hotel any money or food unless you are prepared to be swarmed. You will quickly learn how to say nay nay. I was also unprepared for the surcharge for using the Internet. The last inconveince was to not know how long it would take to get hot water. This was my second trip to India, therefore, I was prepared to wait for hot water. But, we had so many problems with our hot water that we had to use the shower in another room. Last but not least, this hotel listed that it had a doctor on staff but after I woke up one morning with a golfball sized bump on my calf, I asked someone at the front desk about a doctor, I was told to try going to a drugstore and to get an ointment. Overall, this hotel was not that bad but there are some issues that can be understood and some that definitely need addressing. If someone asked me if I would recommend it, my answer would be not really.	
Dec 19 2007 	Reasonably priced accomodation in New Delhi	At the beginning of a GAP Tour of Northern India, we stayed at Hotel Pablas International in Karol Bagh in New Delhi.The hotel's rooms are sparse and ours had no window. However, the room and bathroom were clean.The room was better than we expected and had a colour television with satellite and an air conditioner and fan.The fourth floor had a very good restaurant with very reasonably priced dishes, both vegetarian and non-vegetarian. Each day's charge includes breakfast.Located in one of the busiest markets in New Delhi, you can find anything you want by wandering around. But, the area is not the safest, so watch out for pick pockets.Overall, the hotel was reasonable.	
Apr 17 2007 	Avoid this hotel	Luckily we only stayed for 1 night at this hotel. We paid £19 for the room but it was not worth the money. I lifted my pillow when getting into bed and discovered a cockroach underneath it! I then saw another scurrying across the floor! We moved rooms to one with only twin beds. There was no outside window which made the room very dark in the morning. There was only one dirty towel for me and my boyfriend to use. The bed linen had stains on it and holes in it and the shower could only be described as a dribble. There are lots of other hotels in the Karol Bagh area so look around, don't stay at the Pablas International!	
Oct 20 2006 	Cheats and abusive people who should not be in business	I had a very bad experience at Pablas International Hotel, Karol Baugh, Delhi. I was travelling to Delhi from Bangalore. And I booked this hotel from [-].in site by the credit card.I was charged $6/- for booking. 1) First of all, the booking had advertised that the hotel provides free pickup from the airport. The advertised pickup from airport is not there. After calling the hotel a number of times, they told me that I should take a prepaid taxi from the airport and they will refund me the prepaid taxi fare. I really dont know why the [-] in gives false information.2) When I landed at the hotel (and remember the rates at the hotel are close to Rs. 2000/- (around $40/- per night), II was taken to another hotel as this hotel seems to have been booked. I dont understand how the [-] and the hotel confirmed booking for me at the hotel, if there was no room. Some excuse was given that one client at the hotel who was supposed to leave fell sick.3) Finally the worst thing. They won't give you a proper receipt for the money paid. All they did was give a handwritten signature receipt. This is probably a con -- they are trying to save taxes4) At night 10 pm, one guy comes to ask for money for room stay. I refused to give him the money in the absence of receipt. Next day his boss comes to me and says that I abused the guy the earlier night. Further, the boss abuses me left, right and center.Further, the guy lectures me on how he has experience in worldwide hotel business. I travel widely and visit US every year, and there is no where in the world, they dont give receipts. He started saying that the &quot;money due' printout that I got via the web reservationitself is the receipt blah blah blah. The next day morning itself I changed my hotel.I dont know why these people are still in business when they treat customers this way.I suggest everyone avoid this hotel at all costs. regards,Dr. Samir KelekarBangaloreIndia.samir_kelekar@yahoo.com91-98450-44403	
Oct 8 2006	Good hotel	After booking on Expedia then seeing the other review, I wasn't looking forward to staying at this hotel. However, there was certainly nothing wrong with the room we got or the service we received.The deluxe room was just that....large, good bed, clean, working air con, satellite tv and running h&amp;c water.There were no cockroaches or bedbugs to be seen and the room was gleaming. They stored my bag (at no charge) while I toured India for a couple of weeks and arranged a taxi to the airport after I asked them to. There was no pressure to buy anything through them and the taxi came at the time I had asked for.It's not the Ritz, but it was a perfectly adequate hotel for the money. It's a 5 minute walk through busy Karol Bagh to the metro station and there are a million autorickshaws available to transport you to the sites.I'd stay here again without complaint.	
May 30 2006	Avoid at all costs	It is a cheap hotel but there are so many cheap hotels in New Delhi it is easilly avoided. We paid for a deluxe city room and got a view of a wall but much worse than that, there were cockroaches everywhere, and i mean everywhere!!!! they lived under the bed and after moving rooms three times gave up in the end and counted the seconds until we could leave the place. Also, our flight was 4 in the morning so we had to pay an extra nights stay, we didn't want to leave until 1pm but at 12 middnight the men came to get our bags and they kept ringing and knocking the doors for us to get out. we then had to wait downstairs for an hour with another couple who had also paid to stay in the same bedroom that night while the cleaners quickly gave it the once over!!!! unbelievable. They also work extremely closely with a tour operator and it is just about impssible to have any peace unless you agree to pay them money for taxis and tours.AVOID!!!!!!	
Apr 8 2009 	Fuyez cet hôtel !		
Jan 29 2009 	Pas terrible		
Aug 19 2008 	N'y allez pas		
