Nov 24 2009 	pleasant surprise	A clean place,friendly staff , a good place to startAn India tour. Although it was 3.00a.m when we arrived, everybody was extremely helpful. I cannot imagine a better place.A simple but tasty breakfast. Nothing more to be desired[as far as hotels go]. I shall be back soon.	
Nov 23 2009 	Top notch service...	We arrived at Aster Inn after staying in the Marriott in Mumbai, and were expecting a massive difference, as the prices were of different leagues for starters, but we were pleasantly surprised. The rooms were very clean, the furnishing new and the toiletries provided of a 5* standard. The service was definitely the best amongst all the hotel we have stayed at during our India tour. The staff went out of their way to help us, be it to exchance currency, to give us information about shopping areas and even negotiate Rickshaw prices before we jumped in. There is a kind of homely atmosphere at this hotel, everybody is very accessible and always ready to help. I felt the bigger hotel chains lacked this personal approach and Aster Inn wins outright.The breakfast was always hot, timely and very tasty. The Massala Chai was to die for; we ordered it everyday without fail.I read a previous review about the AC being turned off and I have to say as soon as we stepped back into the hotel, the staff would endeavour to turn the AC back on in our room, without us having to ask. As an customer who is very passionate about eco friendliness, I felt this was a very commendable simple act that could yet help the planet loads in time. I am shocked to think some customers would want the AC to remain on whilst they would be out the whole day..Top hotel, top service. will definitely stay there again when I next visit Delhi.	
Nov 15 2009 	Amazing Aster Inn!	I would like to highly recommend The Hotel Aster Inn to anybody considering staying in New Delhi, for any type of trip. As a newly established hotel, we found this to be great value for money. The rooms were nice and clean, true to the advertising on their website. It is well located, within reasonable reach of New Delhi centre (2 stops on the developing Delhi Metro). The service was great. The hotel staff were attentive, and the manager was accommodating and helpful with all of our enquiries. Some minor criticisms though: Hot water – needs notice i.e. run it for about 10 mins! Not so quick on breakfast – can take up to an hour!No internet facilities installed yet, although the Manager allowed us use of his own office facility. All in all, we had a great experience staying at this hotel. I definitely would stay here again if I were visiting New Delhi again!	
Nov 13 2009 	Gateway to delhi....	thiz was the statrting point in india...as my flight got delayed...the driver was still there a fresh waiting for me with a smile...i waz imprezzed...while smoothly chekin in 4 in the morning i was happy that theze people have real pictures on there website of the room they were havin,i got one of them...yeppei...room service was quick in the morning ,nice room, well decorated &amp; good staff with a smile.	
Nov 2 2009 	Worst Hotel I stayed at in India! DO NOT BOOK HERE!	This place was awful! The location is terrible, possibly one of the worst areas of Delhi. The Hotel itself looks okay until you get to your room... the bed had a bottom sheet, and that's it! No top sheet! I asked for one and got a Single size sheet for a double bed! ?? I asked for a double sheet and got another Single Sheet!! Then I noticed that the bottom sheet had some questionable stains on it, but was told it was clean... I pulled it off the bed and told them to replace it! Finally I get a bottom and a top sheet but had to make the bed myself! And that was the last time I saw a clean sheet for my entire 3 night stay! They don't make up your room during your stay... no clean sheets or clean towels!The Hotel's web site states &quot;Direct Dial Local &amp; STD/ISD/Internet Surfing on request&quot;, let me explain that a bit... Internet surfing is about 3 blocks away at a disgustingly dirty place that provides computers to use for internet activities. Long Distance Calls can be made at the Reception desk... while standing... right beside the front desk in the way of, and within ear shot of, everyone coming and going!Their web site also states &quot;Running Hot &amp; Cold Water&quot;, which is true, but if you want a Hot Shower you have to ask for the Hot water... every morning, even if you asked the night before, you still have to ask again in the morning!Rooms are Air Conditioned, but it is turned off every time you leave your room and you have to ask for it to be turned back on when you get back!!The Hotel does not have a kitchen that I could see, and the food is awful! It arrives on yellow plastic plates, toast wrapped in tin foil, a dead giveaway that this is take out from somewhere else! I had an omelette one morning that was too big for the little plastic plate! I even had to argue with the guy in the dining room abut getting an egg for breakfast, I was told it wasn't breakfast! On asking for advice in regards to storing my luggage at the Railway Station over night so I could take the train to Agra, I was told without a doubt that they no longer store luggage at the railway station but the Hotel could store it for me, and I could even stay at the Hotel for another half day, at half the day rate, when I return to rest up before my flight. Well, that was a lie... the train station does store luggage! The staff are not &quot;Qualified &amp; Trained Staff&quot; as their web site states! I had nothing but problems with everyone, from getting bed sheets to food and at one point someone came to my room, knocked once and tried to come right in... good thing I bolted the door as I was just getting out of the shower (a cold shower!).My room rate was inclusive of breakfast, but when it came time to check out I was billed for two cups of Tea. I was told breakfast does not include Tea! Whatever!Feel free to contact me of you would like more info about the Hotel or visiting Delhi!I was asked to come here and write a good review... there is no way I could say anything good about this Hotel! And just to qualify this review, I stayed in 4 different Hotels during my travels in India and this was not only the worst... but the worst Hotel I have EVER stayed in!	
Nov 2 2009 	Friendly modern and clean	Although situated in what was not a great area, the hotel was an oasis - friendly, attentive staff and clean rooms. It was also close to the metro, making it easy to get about without having to shout for a taxi.	
Nov 2 2009 	Cheap but good value for money	The location is a bit of a culture shock - but the hotel is a comparative oasis to the bustling and grubby streets that surround it. However, it's only a five-minute walk to the excellent, if limited, metro system. The rooms are clean and comfortable, with adequate showers, and the staff are generally attentive (even calling to ask if we wanted beer...) Breakfast was painfully slow in arriving - half an hour for toast stretches credulity. However, they ironed our shirts in a flash and were generally pretty good. It's not the Ritz, but you it's excellent value for money.	
Oct 24 2009 	5* Service	On our arrival at the hotel, the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. They all went out of their way to help us whether it was directing us to a local hot spot / arranging a day tour to Agra or providing general tourist information. The breakfasts were delicious and the traditional masala tea addictive (room service was efficient!). The location is in the heart of Karol Bagh - great for shopping. I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone spending some time in Delhi whether it be for business or leisure purposes.	
Sep 18 2009 	good location excellent room condition great service	What I liked - only a few minutes walk from the metro station - the room looked new and well decorated - enjoying air-con and hot shower was no problem, and there was even a fridge! - hotel staff was very courteous, helpful, efficient and speaking perfect EnglishI suggested the hotel to offer internet access. Maybe it will be offered when you stay there =)	
Aug 28 2009 	CONVENIENT MODERN AND GOOD PRICED HOTEL	It's very difficutl to find a modern hotel well located in new Delhi. Aster hotel first of all is very modern, the staff is extremely efficient and the location is very convenient ...just 1 km walking from Jandewalan metro station and just one station from famous market (Ramakrishna Ashram Marg metro stop) and 5-6 from Chandi Chowk (historical centre).We paid for a double room 1500 rupie per night. it's not so cheap if you compare to the rest of India but it's among the best you can find in New Delhi! In new Delhi hotel are crazy expensive in Connaught place and not worthed . if you choose other convenient area (the famous Pargaji where everybody goes) the hotels are old and the area is dusty, noisy and old! Do you want to sleep and be conventiently located in a clean environement?! Choose Karol Bagh/Jandewalan area... Aster was our choice!	
Aug 4 2009 	Overall nice and pleasent service	Room condition average, above average service and nice location for a budget stay in Delhi	
Sep 29 2009 	un hotel neuf dans un quartier pauvre mais typique		
