	Loved the pool side	We really loved the hospitality and it was the great experience staying at Taj!	
	beyond business	Stay was comfortable Staff was curteous attentive professionalism all around	
	Quiet and very comfortable	11th floor room with city view was very quiet. 7 by 8 meter room with green carpet, slightly stiff pillows. 42&quot; flat-screen TV, DVD player available. Amenities included fax/phone, mini-fridge, white marble desk, amoir, fresh fruit, safe, white marble bath (with shower ), built-in AC electrical adaptors, personal wake-up calls. Great service.	
Nov 21 2009 	The Best in New Delhi	This is a fabulous hotel especially if you stay at the club level with butler service. While pricey, everything is exactly the way it should be. Rooms are clean, service fantastic, food is wonderful. After all the noise and crowded streets of Delhi, it is so nice to be able to return to this oasis. The gardens are fantastic at night - just a great place to relax. The Taj does it right.	
Nov 18 2009 	Excellent hotel excellent service - great place to stay in Delhi	We stayed here for two nights right at the start of our holiday. I wanted to stay somewhere nice coming off the back of a Business Class flight.The Taj Mahal in Delhi didn't disappoint. We were met at the airport by a hotel car - we had a transfer as part of the Club Room - and whisked to the hotel. Upon arrival we were given cold towels to freshen up and checked in with a freshly squeezed juice.The Club room also gave us access to the Club lounge where for an hour or so every evening you had free drinks and nibbles. Staff there were very friendly and went out of their way to help you...and give you a good drink!We were then shown to our room, nice and spacious with a view of the pool. Bathroom was decent and came with Molton Brown toiletries.We spent a little time down at the pool which is nice and big - 30 metres plus - with plenty of chairs and recliners to sit on.One evening we dined in Varg, the on site Indian restaurant. While expensive for India it was excellent value for the UK and was absolutely delicious. The food itself was tasty, modern and well presented. The mushroom starter my girlfriend had was especially good, as was my lamb main that came in an earthen pot.Breakfast both mornings was simply amazing. A huge selection of fruits, cereals, breads &amp; pastries, Indian and Western hot buffet and a omlette / pancake / waffle bar. The masala omlette was the best I had of several in India!One evening we dined out in Old Delhi - an utterly mad and hectic place - at Karim's. It was full of locals, dirt cheap, and the food was awesome! Especially the freshly cooked naan breads. It might not be for everyone - it is a little hectic as I said - but for me it was an insight into the real Delhi.I'd highly recommend this hotel if staying in Delhi, it is a good base to go exploring from and is a real haven to come back to after the huslte and bustle of Delhi.	
Nov 18 2009	loved this hotel	taj mahal situated in prime location in city provides easy accessibility to airport.taj mahal hotel treated us as family friends rather than guests.the service was great and the staff was very friendly and cheerful.staying here is like experiencing royal treatment .the food was awesome.u can take the benefit of the following amenties - massage centre,internet access,fitness centre,bar,gym.... &amp; many more.u can easily access most popular attractions &amp; sights as located nearby	
Nov 17 2009 	Impeccable yet friendly service	We arrived before our room was ready, so were given another room in which to rest. A white-gloved gentleman brought us tea and fresh fruit. The room service was elegant and prompt. The concierge ever helpful. As our time was limited, they arranged a car and driver for half a day with a couple hours notice. The bellman helped me repack some last minute purchases. All in all, this is a very elegant yet warm hotel. Worth every penny.	
Nov 16 2009 	Great Place for Celebration	We arranged our office Party in hotel Taj, New delhi. We enjoyed very much. Such a good hotel. we were feeling great at that moment. Some per sonal thing began from that place. I found my new love there....	
Nov 15 2009 	Awesome expreience with Taj	We celebrated our wedding there and it was a awesome expreience with TAJ and we also spent our 1 st night at taj it was seriously a quality time spent at taj which i cant forget in my life...thanks to taj for making my day a memorable day of my life.	
Nov 14 2009 	Fantastic hotel	This was a fantastic hotel which oozed decadence. We had stayed in Taj hotels elsewhere in India and had similar experiences but this one topped the lot.The resturants were varied and wonderful.My young children were well looked after and catered for. You were greated with freshly squeezed juice in your room, as you arrived. Belgian chocolates and other luxuries.	
Nov 12 2009 	Ignore the exterior - this is a fine hotel	We arrived at 4am after a 13 hour drive due to a cancelled flight. We were quickly &amp; efficiently checked in by extremely well trained &amp; friendly staff. The room was lovely &amp; luxurious. Included breakfast was excellent. The swimming pool was large enough for sensible use &amp; the hotel had every amenity one might expect from a genuine 5 star hotel. The bar was expensive but very good. The only Indian restaurant in the hotel served pretentious nouvelle cuisine type food which was amusing, if expensive.	
Nov 1 2009 	Amazing experience	My wife and I stayed in Taj Mahal Hotel on the 27th and 28th Nov. We reached the airport around 4 AM in the morning. The airport pickup car was already there and our ride to the hotel was smooth. Immediately upon arrival to the hotel we were greeted by a receptionist outside. Our luggage was taken by the bell boys for security screening and we were told they will be brought straight to our room. Sunita showed us to our room. The in – room check in was one of the smoothest check in I have ever had. The room was nice with very comfortable bed and a brilliant city view- overlooking the India Gate. The flat screen 42 inch TV kept us entertained whenever we needed it. As part of the Taj club lounge access we were treated to complimentary tea/coffee, soft drinks all day. At certain times of the day they had free sandwiches and savories etc and in the evenings a selection of cocktails (all complimentary). Just remember that Taj Club lounge is on the 8th floor. This was something that wasn’t told to us during check in. So if your room includes taj club lounge make sure you ask about it during check in. The hotel’s lobby was very impressive with very nice décor. The swimming pool is huge and is attended at all times by cleaning staff. The hotel staffs are very friendly. From the security guards to the managers people showed genuine interest in us. Breakfast was very good as well and included a wide variety of choices from Indian to continental and fruits and yogurt.Overall I must say that you get your money’s worth when staying in the Taj Mahal Hotel. Only negative thing that I can point out is that they charge you for using the Wi-Fi, which I believe should be free for guests staying at the hotel. I would recommend this Hotel to anyone who loves luxury but is not afraid to spend a little extra to get it. A definitely 5 ***** experience.PS : Thanks to all the staff for introducing India to my wife.	
Oct 28 2009 	So good.....	We had 3 nights at the Taj as our starting point in India.It was great. The room was lovely (club level) and very clean. The room was serviced twice a day and fresh fruit and nibbles were always replenished.The staff were friendly and helpful. The pool was so refreshing after long days sightseeing! The concierge organised a driver each day to take us sightseeing. This was very inexpensive, and such a great way to get around (about $30AUD for 4 hours).Fantastic!	
Oct 8 2009 	Another great Taj property	I stayed here a few days while sight-seeing in Delhi. As I've come to expect from the Taj chain, this hotel was great. The rooms were large and comfortable; mine included a nice view of the capital. The bed was soft. The bathroom was large, with a separate tub and walk-in shower. There are a couple of fantastic restaurants inside the hotel, including a Chinese placer and a sushi place. The service was impeccable, with people available to help me with all of my needs. Best of all, there is a huge, deep pool in the back of the hotel. It was perfect for swimming and lounging...	
Oct 7 2009 	Great Charm	A great hotel with its very good services, and delighted interiors of the room as well as outdoor. Very nice food and its varities are so good. No hotel is as like TAJ. BUt it is costly.	
Sep 24 2009 	Quiet comfort and outstanding service.	I stayed in this hotel several times for varying numbers of nights, using it as a base for short trips from Delhi. The service was friendly without being over familiar - there was a feel of a 'family' hotel. In spite of the size and busy-ness of the hotel, staff quickly learnt my name and routinely addressed me by name from the doormen up. Similarly, staff in the various restaurants and cafes quickly learnt my likes and dislikes.My room was comfortable, always spotless and the views over New Delhi are fantastic. The calm, friendly but always professional atmosphere provided a welcome escape from the pressures of Delhi in monsoon season. The main India restaurant, Varq, is worth a visit in its own right. A 'fine dining' restaurant, presenting traditional Indian food with a modern twist, staff are happy to advise on which selections will work well together and will discuss which dishes are hot, mild etc frankly and honestly. Potentially stressful situations were quickly resolved: laptop failing to interface with wifi - a technician came to my room to sort ot the problem within minutes, car booking overlooked (I had alot of cars, I'm not surprised that one slipped through the net), no problem, cars are available 24 hours a day, I still arrived at the airport in plenty of time for my flight with the minimum of fuss. As the person who is usually dealing with someone else's crisis, it was genuinely refreshing to stay here.I'm trying to work out how soon I can get back...	
Sep 24 2009 	One of the best hotels I have stayed in	This was one of the best hotels that we have ever stayed in. From the moment we arrived, the staff made us feel welcome and important, even though we were not staying in an expensive suite. We were given a great room with a pool view, which I would recommend requesting. The room was a good size and came with a small couch and coffee table for relaxing. The bathroom was very large, with both a stand-up shower cubicle and a separate bath with shower. There were plenty of towels and great toiletries.The bed was comfortable and there was a great selection of English-language channels on the television, as well as a DVD player and complimentary DVD rental service.We used the pool on both of the days we were staying there, and received complimentary chilled mineral water while we were sunbathing. It was also possible to order drinks as there was a waiter service, and we were also given complimentary fruit kebabs.One of the best things about this hotel is the bars and restaurants. On our first night we went first of all to Ricks bar, where we had martinis. The staff were most helpful and booked a table in the Chinese restaurant for us, and also gave us complimentary cocktails to try! The food in House of Ming is the best Chinese food we have ever tasted…it was simply incredible, and there we ordered food and were also given some complimentary dishes to try which were beautiful.On our final evening we ordered room service, which did not disappoint. My husband ordered a curry and it was lovely and came with complimentary poppadoms, and then when we had finished they returned with complimentary Indian desserts.We really enjoyed Delhi, but would return just to stay in this hotel again!	
Sep 20 2009 	My first choice when in New Delhi	Definitely my first choice when in New Delhi, a bit pricey, perfect service, comfortable clean rooms, very good varity of food for breakfast, spacious gym, affordable internet access, and good location. Beware of the touts with the 3-wheelers outside of the hotel who always (!) will tell you that Khan market is closed, on the other hand even though I never took their service I have a lot of fun with them.	
Sep 11 2009	Great service. Very professional and accommodating. Refreshing for an Indian hotel.	Very flexible management. We had 9 in our group. We called Friday at 3pm looking for a place to stay that night. During this season they had a discount on the rooms. Warning: Luxury tax in India dictates that the tax be applied to published room rate, not the rate you actually pay. Anyway, the manager gave our whole group a very late check out the following day so we could all have fresh showers before being on a plane for 16 hours.Room service was good. Great selection and variety of food available. Decent prices considering a 5-star hotel. Didn't particularly like my meal. But plenty of food. Dining in the restaurants was very good. Food quality was good. Again, prices what you would expect for a 5-star hotel.Rooms were well equipped. Bathrooms were very nice. Beds super comfortable. Not Indian style mattresses. We ordered a short tour of Delhi. The car was excellent and the driver was professional. The tour operator was good and I'd use him again. Another misunderstanding in the car charge. I had to pay an extra 500 Rs for going over the mileage limit - even though that was never explained to me and the tour was only 3 hours instead of 4.	
Aug 5 2009 	have money in the pocket	it was an average experience...but have traffic in the locality ...	
Jul 29 2009	5 Star Service	Location:Taj Mahal Hotel is situated at one of the best localities in New Delhi. It is very close to the Diplomatic centre of Delhi. Khan Market is the best Place to shop Near by. Also there are 3 to 4, five star hotels giving you a plenty of options to dine and wine. Close to the city center conought place. Location: 5 starHotel:Hotel is supposed to be one of the best, it has 4-5 Restaurants, you have a real multi cuisine option. Varq, (The Restaurant) the specialty of Chef Hemant Oberoi is a signature restaurant here. Also the hotel has everything that a 5 star hotel should have gym, pool, Jiva Spa.....so on. The lobby is simply amazing. The hotel has its own armada of luxury cars. The infrastrucutre of this hotel though a little old is upto the mark. You would not need to go our anywhere to find anything, you'll get everything at the hotel. Room:The standard room that i stayed in is actually pretty descent and spacious. 350 sqft to be precise. The rooms are subtle and elegant with a lot of functionality. You can even custom design you bed with the choice of Cushions, linens etc provided by the hotel. The bath is fairly OK. All standard rooms are equipped with fax machines, a great utility for a business traveler. All in all great satisfying experience.Service:This is what i would like to talk about, they make you feel as a Head of the state, Check in procedure is really fast, in fact you are first taken directly to your room and then all the other procedures are completed. Excellent staff, really helpful and smiling makes you feel warm and comfortable. In room dining is a treat, they set your table in an utmost delightful manner. There was a small problem i faced during my stay was when the evening turn down service was not done. On complaining the same was done in minutes, the hotel even took the pains in finding out why such an error had happened 5 days later the front office manager called me at my residence apologizing for the same and promising of it not happening again. This shows the sheer dedication and commitment of the staff members. Excellent business services are available at the hotel. The concierge too is efficient and quick. All in all I would give the hotel a big ***** for excellent service quality. This is truly the Best Taj property. Taj lives upto its reputation, TAJ MAHAL is a truly luxurious experience.	
Jul 20 2009 	Service par excellence	I travel to Delhi for business quite often. The place where I always stay is Taj Mahal Delhi. The rooms are beautiful &amp; luxurious. Why i feel this hotel is great because of the service level. The guy near the lift remembers you name &amp; floor. Greets you every time with a big smile. Their bar is really good. The club floor is really exciting. The only drawback of this hotel is the food. The swimming pool area is really nice &amp; peaceful.	
Jul 16 2009 	goes to prove that shangrila delhi is the only safe bet in delhi	it started with the lights in teh room not working...but thats ok as that can happen and they reacted quickly to move me out in 5 minutes....the fun began when i ordered the dinner and they sent warm white wine...yups.... and they could not udnerstand what i was complaining about... after which they figured and sent me the wrong wine although to be fair it was chilled now !!!the less said about the FARCE of security checks the better but all said since it is a Taj property i will try them one more time as maybe it was just me..... though this goes to show again that the shangrila is the only safe bet in terms of consistent service	
Jul 14 2009 	Utterly Amazing. Beats any other 5 Star htoel ive stayed in	My goodness, Firstly I regret having only discovered the joys of TripAdvisor recently.So I felt compelled to write a rather tardy review of my stay at the Taj Mann Singh in March 2008.My goodness, nothing short of an absolute pleasure. I dont think that it would be an over assertion to say that my experience epitomized what staying in a hotel should be about.Staff were so polite, friendly, attentive, nothing was too much for them.The hotel was superb the pool, the rooms, the grounds.Mmmm PS those who like Paneer, try it at their in house restaurant! HEAVEN!Sublime.Cant wait until March next year. Taj Mann Singh here I come!!!	
Jul 13 2009 	Fantastic hotel - service rooms and facilities excellent	I stayed here on business in July and was thoroughly impressed.Rooms, service, restaurants , gym and bar are all world class.Though the price is high, if you can find a good deal or are lucky enough to be able to stay here anyway, I would recommend that you give it a go.I am a frequent visitor to Delhi and having stayed at many 5* hotels across the city I beleive this one must be one of best at the moment.	
Jun 22 2009 	Oh my god why arent there hotels like this in Australia?	my company put me up at the Taj at delhi. Boy did that open my eyes about the supposed 5 stars in australia.what a hotel, amazing, ever smiling staff, awesome rooms, views. posh lobby, amazing food and you can choose from 3 restaurants and a bar and that too in the same hotel. comp upgrades, comp bottle of wine, free hotel limowill def return, but only when i could afford something like the TAJ	
Jun 11 2009 	The best	It was a wonderful experience to stay at TAJ Delhi. It feels like heaven...	
Jun 9 2009 	nice relaxing holz	the food was nice and the rooms were spacious i wld recomend the hotel	
Jun 9 2009 	one of New Delhi's largest conference venues	LocationNestled in six acres of lush greens in the exclusive Diplomatic Enclave of the city, Taj Palace Hotel is the only one in the top-of-the-line category near Gurgaon and is a mere 10 minutes drive from the airport.RestaurantFrom casual, all-day eateries to formal, fine dining, guests can look forward to a wide selection of delectable dishes and refreshing drinks at the onsite restaurant.	
Jun 6 2009 	palacial property	As always the Taj had stood up to my expectations in this palacial property in New delhi. It is quite centrally located in the national capital. The hotel is busy 24 hrs check ins and check outs happen all day long ,just sit around in the lobby lounge and you can kill your time well, if you dont have any other work. Its got a nice bar also.	
Jun 3 2009 	Beautiful	I stayed at Taj Mahal Hotel only for 2D/1N but like other Taj properties, this one was simply luxurious. Hospitality was awesome, food - just what you can expect from Delhi. View was a bit on the disappointing side - I'd a pool side view. Room was luxurious with a huge bathtub and all the accessories one can expect from a five star. Rates are a bit on high side, but Taj properties give you more than value for money. The hotel is well located with close proximity to key business hubs and is recommended for both business and leisure purposes.	
Jun 3 2009 	Fine Food and Comfortable Rooms	The best part of the hotel is the wide food selection - one of the best joints to eat in the City. Great Chinese, Japanese and Indian selection. Rooms are basic but very cosy. The pool is set around a garden. Service is the best in its class	
Jun 2 2009 	worth the price	I used to dine frequently in the coffee shop of the taj and in other restaurants, that's when I cared to join their loyalty program and decided to book a room to stay for one one night and forget all tension and true to its reputation it did not let me down.had a wonderful time and Ricks the bar is amazing place to just chill and have a few drinks with your mates	
Jun 2 2009	Very good	An absolute must stay in delhi.Everything is exceptionally brilliant here. Has the wasabi and other renowned restaurants.rooms are lovely and client service is very good	
May 31 2009 	Outdated overpriced and tasteless	The hotel is practically located, close to Conaught Circle, but with no facilities in the direct vicinity.My room was upgraded to a mini-suite, which meant a series of small connected rooms on the inside of the hotel, with most windows looking to the hallway (not directly outside).Apart from 2 flatscreen tv's, which some will see as a luxury, the rooms were a bit outdated with the most uncomfortable chairs one can find.The gym had 2 modern treadmills and 2 cross trainers, but had no staff present, maybe because the smell was so bad that I left after 10 minutes. The bar was empty and looked like one of those places where 6 staff come to you to help you, after which no one will remember to bring your order (you must have experienced this before).Finally, the breakfast area resembled more a youth hostel with (again) these flatscreens with the morning news in hindi. Not great if you want a quit breakfast.Overall, on all points, the hotel scored very poorly, despite price of over INR 9000 per night.	
May 29 2009 	Great hotel to stay.. good service. value for money!!	I had visited Delhi long time back and stay at Taj hotel. my experience with the hotel was very good.Complete value for money.	
May 27 2009	Experience like a King	Hi my name is sandeep and m frm delhi i hav lived in delhi for since i born i hav good experience of many hotels but the taj was very special for me i hav purchase a mobile with a coupen for prize 3 night and 4 days for living in &quot;Taj Mahal Hotel&quot;. In my whole life i hav never seen hotel like this the place, gardning ,areas an lots more things i lived &quot;Taj Mahal Hotel&quot; for 3 night an 4 days with my whole family an my house was locked in those days the staff was very nice with smart dressup with smile. Those days i hav knowledge about how it made its beauty an also the food was exellent an very delicious. The staff of taj treat us like a king.  Overall the &quot;Taj Mahal Hotel&quot; exiperience was realy very nice and i suggest to all people that pls when u came in delhi u must saw the &quot;Taj Mahal Hotel&quot;. Thank You	
May 25 2009 	Grossly overpriced - but Taj service	I found the Taj to be excellent in service, but the hotel is just grossly over priced. The food is great, and the pub at Ricks is excellent for us middle aged people. At half the price, I would recommend it strongly. Hopefully the commonwealth game will introduce new supply of hotel rooms and reduce the rents at this hotel too.	
May 18 2009 	Memoriable Taj	A Memoriable Experience. The Rooms are very clean. Stayed in one of the Club Rooms. The Service is remarkable and the Taj is really a Memoriable Experience.	
May 16 2009 	Really ROYAL	It is a herritage building and simultaneous proximity to the cultural legacy and epicentre of ruling political power centre makes it so very unique. Everytime while driving down the road, where thousand boots rock to offer presidential salute on Republic Day, to TAJ had made me feel something royal and proud. Pardon my childish excitement but TAJ mansingh is different from TAJ Aguada, Goa or the GATEWAY series that TAJ group has been offering for middle class family like us.The natural greenery overlooking the swimming pool and lawn is soothing at its first glance. Still parrots and pigeon wake you up from the comfort of designer bed. The silence all around allows you to catch up with yourself.There may be different types of room, but mine with our corporate discount was clearly the best value for money so far I have witnessed.The room naturally is excellent in its decor and ambiance. The buffet breakfast is interesting and really healthy - I can say that it is too pampering. The cheese array is surely requiring a closer look.The dinner is MING is what I indulged and trust me it is true ethnic chinese. Any more word is superflous - you need to try it out.	
May 12 2009 	Perfect Business Hotel	This hotel is centrally located with every facility which may be required when you are on a business trip. The service and hospitality of Taj Group is beyond comparison.	
May 11 2009 	Great Hotel!	From the view of a 13 year old.We used the Taj Mahal New Delhi as a base in our travels. We stayed here 4 times for just a night at a time. It was a good place to chill with a nice deep pool. The rooms were okay, they had TV’s and fairly priced broadband internet. The breakfast buffet was awesome! The service was great and all the people were very friendly.Jet Privelage Number = [--]	
May 10 2009 	Great business hotel	Taj has been an old favorite of mine although the rooms are getting a little dated compared to the Oberoi and other new properties. The hotel has very good F&amp;B outlets including the new Wasabi.	
May 10 2009 	Very Royale Treatment	Superbly located in the HEART of Delhi, every aspect of the Taj Mahal Delhi was a treat to the senses.Got here in the night and honestly did not have too much time to look around and enjoy the hotel. But from the bell boy's smile right up to the hostess' introduction to the various features my room provided ---- it was all quite royale!Breakfast was a buffet in the restaurant and was quite a lavish spread.... I feasted that morning on Masala Dosas (In Delhi??? Strane Right! But I chose to go for it and didnt come disappointed)The room i think was a little smaller than many of the other hotels i havse stayed in but I must also admit that I was not on the top-dollar paying list.......	
May 7 2009 	Royale Palace	The Taj Mahal Hotel is an epitome of luxury. The place is so very beautiful, so much to see with every inch of this luxury hotel. The fountains, the paintings, the art, the brands at the designer retail outlets. The rooms are very well appointed the staff and service is excellent the food and dining experience had been like no other. Wow I gotta get there again!!! I was touched when one of the staff realised that I had not been able to have breakfast and packed some fruits etc for my trip!!! Now that is what I call service and seeing to the needs of your customer.I also remember that I was offered DVDs to watch in my room that were complimentary and added to the breathtaking experience!!!	
May 4 2009 	Great Service	Great hotel. classic one. I find the rooms aren't original,and quite costly, but service, amenities, grounds, location, are all excellent. So you pay a lot, and you might find better value for money elsewhere, but it is a safe place, and anytime if i have to stay in delhi in hotel, my choice is this one, a class hotel	
Apr 29 2009 	service extraa ordinaire	from the moment u enter the taj mahal hotel til the time u leave u dont have to lift a finger as they do evrything for u ..if they cud chew ur food n give it to u they wud..so if u the kind who likes hotel staff falling all over u then this is the place to be..the new japanese restaurant wasabi is fantastic...worth a visit..	
Apr 27 2009 	Taj the grand hotel in Delhi	Great hotel. A classic. I find the rooms not very original,and quite pricey, but service, amenities, grounds, location, are all excellent. So you pay a lot, and you might find better value for money elsewhere, but it is a safe bet.	
Apr 27 2009	pleasing place	a comforting stay. good food and service. very strught line and fine furnishings all over the hotel.	
Apr 27 2009 	The Club Rooms are Superb	I stayed at the Taj Mahal last year when visiting Delhi for a conference. They had a good rate going for the club room so I opted to stay there instead of a regular room. The difference is huge! The club rooms are newly renovated and have a much better design aesthetic than the regular rooms. The furniture and furnishings are chic and modern, and the glass walled bathroom has motorized shutters for privacy if sharing the room. Small touches like Molton Brown toiletries also make the stay a pleasure.All round service is good as always, and restaurants are of the highest quality. It is worth paying a little more to stay here than any other 5 star hotel...	
Apr 26 2009 	Decent Taj experience	This is a mini version of the Bombay Taj but it's difficult to pull it off...seems a little bit dated to me...rooms are not as nice although Taj service is just as strong as it is everywhere else...whereas the Mumbai Taj Mahal has no competitors, this has plenty in Delhi, and The Imperial is a cut above undoubtedly	
Apr 25 2009 	The best hotel I've EVER stayed in	AMAZING! So so beautiful, the staff are outstanding, the food is the best in India, the rooms are just beautiful, the pool and spa are lovely - staff again are so hepful........it is expensive but well worth every penny.....we stayed a tthe Taj in Mubai and it wasnt hapf as good as this one. I have stayed at many hotels around the globe but this is certainly the best yet......cant wait to go back!	
Apr 23 2009 	Best luxurious hotel.	It's the best decorated and luxory hotel with Taj hospitality.	
Apr 22 2009 	World class hotel	We spent 4 nights (in total) at this hotel. The first 3 nights were prior to our Golden Triangle trip and the last was after the tour had finished. Without a shadow of a doubt that this is the best hotel we have ever stayed in.The security was tight but friendly and very reassuring - always with a smile. Also included in secuirty was a very large monkey, on a lead, with his handler. He was used to chase the smaller monkeys off the hotel grounds - which was amusing to watch.We had a Club room and the service was fantastic. The bulters were very attentive, friendly and nothing was too much trouble. I commented on some snacks we had and a large tub was delivered to our room free of charge. You also get a complimentary transfer from the airport, which was seamless and hassle free - espically on your arrival into Dehli airport. A complimentary bottle of wine and snacks were also provided.The Varq restaurant was out of this world, with Indian cuisine at its finest. Breakfast was fantastice - recomend the Dosa Masala very tasty.The pool area was clean with no shortage of beds. The attendants here coming round with water, cold towels etc on a regular basis. What we like was that they were not afraid to challenge anyone who wore any inappropriate swimwear. There was a young guy who went into the pool in his cut off's and he was promptly told these were not swimming shorts - all with the contiuned politeness shown through out our stay.On our return for our last night, we were remembered - even by the guy who called the lift. for us who welcomed us back. The whole experience from start to finish was perfect and I would have no problems recommending this hotel to anyone. If we ever have the good fortune to visit Delhi again, this will be our definate choice of hotel.	
Apr 21 2009 	Outstanding property	Excellent service and great property. Very business friendly	
Apr 20 2009 	Professional and Friendly	I've stayed at Taj Mansingh several times, while traveling on business. Like most Taj business hotels, it has great service, excellent rooms, and is overall very professional and great for business travel.	
Apr 20 2009 	Arbitration Mayfield	The experience was awesome. Truly world class hotel with excellent business facilities.	
Apr 18 2009 	BEST HOTEL I HAVE EVER STAYED IN	I got the room booked through the AMEX Platinum Travel Service. I landed in Delhi late in the night and took a taxi to the hotel. Security was tight in the entrance area and all my baggage was scanned. Check in was very smooth and friendly ,and I was upgraded to a club room. I was extremely tired, having flown nonstop from Newark. I was offered a tea as a welcome drink ,which I gladly accepted. A few minutes later a gentleman appeared with a huge tray of goodies ,including tea, hot milk,hot water,cookies and cake. I was a bit surprised and overwhelmed. The room was extremely clean and tastefully decorated. Bathroom was very nice,too. I had a shower and fell asleep. A continental breakfast was included in the AMEX plan, but I found that I had access to the full breakfast buffet which included both Indian and Western spreads of the highest quality. I stayed in the hotel for 12 days and I was very impressed withe overall quality of service. The rooms were turned over twice a day and all used tea/coffee stuff was promptly cleaned and replaced. I also had a complimentary lunch with the customer service manager at the famous House of Ming restaurant. In general, the attention given to me was sometimes overwhelming,but I never felt ignored. The only quibble I have was that the internet facility in the business centre was quite expensive, at INR 500/hr. It was particularly galling because it was hard to get internet access in the local markets without a local ID. At about USD 260/day I felt the hotel was extremely good value for money,even after considering the fact that it was an off-season rate.	
Apr 18 2009 	Fabulous Luxury Hotel in the heart of City	Taj Mahal Hotel at Mansingh Road is very close to Connaught Place, heart of Delhi city. Its a 5 star property with excellent rooms, amentities, gym, pool, spa and restaurants.I have stayed here on couple of occasions and everytime checked out with a Wow. On both the occasions, I was upgraded from a normal room to Club room, which comprises of 40&quot; LCD, personal DVD player a Bose home theatre and internet server.Its a decent hotel for business travellers, however tourists may find the cost prohibtive, my advise is to check out any ongoing offers on their website before deciding to book.	
Apr 17 2009 	excellant conviniant location	hotel is very beautiful and closely and easily accessable to all attractions and buisness places in heart of delhi	
Apr 13 2009 	Forget what it looks like this place has THE BEST service!	Stayed here for 2 nights and then for our return overnight stay switched to the Imperial (a mistake). When we arrived I was very disappointed as the exterior of the hotel is being renovated and then when we went to our room I was even more disappointed - gloomy, tiny bathroom with no separate shower. It took me a few hours (during which I changed my next stay to the Imperial) to get over these cosmetics. What I can say is that having spent almost a week in India staying at this hotel, The Imperial and the Amarvilas Oberoi in Agra, that the service in this hotel was streets ahead of anywhere else and on EVERY level. The spa is fabulous - the treatments some of the best I have had anywhere in the world. A 1.5hr Abayanga massage was actually just over 2 hours by the time the &quot;extras&quot; like the steam baths, the exfoliation etc were factored in - normally these things mean the actual massage is only 1hr. A quick 30 min foot massage also had an added free neck and shoulder massage because the therapist saw me strain because my neck was stiff....end result a 50min treatment. The room was always kept perfect, every amenity used was refilled (very unusual these days) and the moulton brown toiletries lovely. The indian restaurant Varq was by far the best quality food we had anywhere....and the cocktails were amazing. Service was fantastic from the security guy who called the lift and remembered your name and floor to the guys in the coffee shop who merrily chatted with us about our day and made the best cappucinos (with little jokes on them). Appearances really can be deceving, what makes a great hotel is the details and the service and this hotel really does have that.	
Apr 13 2009 	Charming and elegant hotel for business or pleasure	This is a very nice property with great location, excellent restaurants, nice grounds and very helpful staff. Beautiful pool, a few blocks from Khan Market (try Aniohi and Fabindia for clothing and gifts) and near most things. Safe neighborhood for jogging and excellent security. Taj Club Level is very elegant with great service and nice club area. The Chinese restaurant was particulalry good.	
Mar 8 2009 	service in every detail	We have never seem service with such an eye for detail. It's an excellent hotel, the rooms are good and spacious and well equiped. The restaurants and the bars offer a wide joice with quick service. The pool and the garden are excellent and well kept. The surity is good. All the staff take personal service and attention for the guests to the higest level. You couldn't feel more welcome and appreciated, from the moment you come in till you leave the door after check out. An oasis in hectic Delhi. We will surely return.	
Feb 18 2009 	Impeccable Service - Safe 	I have been to Delhi about 10 times over the past 3 years and always try to stay at the Taj. I wrote another review after an earlier stay, but think I should write another one now to let folks know all the safety precautions the hotel has put in place since the tragic incidents in Mumbai. All cars and stopped/searched before they even enter the hotel drive-around. Then all packages.suitcases etc are put through a metal detector, then you (person) walk through a metal detector... These are the same precautions that were put in place in NYC after 9/11 (I was working in NY at the time). Sadly, I heard that a number of tour groups had cancelled their trips to Delhi. I think it's important to tell folks all the precautions that hotels like the Taj have in place now.On top of the safe/secure feeling - I feel &quot;at home&quot; in the Taj. Many of the staff members remember my name. The service is impeccable! The food is impeccable! If you stay, do try the Sunday Brunch - amazing selection!!!!!!!!!	
Feb 7 2009 	Great housekeeping service	After a highly embarassing mix-up at check-in, I was downgraded from a Taj Club to a Deluxe room. Not a great experience which the Resident Manager was fortunately swift to discuss in detail the next morning.What really made this stay a comfortable one was the phantastic services provided by housekeeping. The attendant must have seen that I am using Molton Brown ammenities. Swiftly the next day, I had all hotel ammenities changed to Molton Brown (which is typically only provided in the Taj Club rooms. Wonderful, personalised service. Obviously some thinking going on!The room itself was nicely presented, good size with a sofa to relax. I did not use the internet service but the working desk was certainly of a good size with appropriate lighting.I like a good sized bathroom with a separate shower so the bathroom was not quite to my liking having to stand in the bathtub for my shower.It looks like the breakfast buffet has somewhat improved since my last stay. Service was Taj-like very very friendly.I had one interesting experience when I went to read my newspaper at the poolside. The attendant insisted that I sign a liability waiver form ... guess this is the direction that India is moving to! Hazardous activity reading the paper close to the pool, I guess.	
Feb 2 2009 	Wonderful Customer Service	This hotel has all the comforts you would expect from a 5-star, but the incredible customer service and care we received made this one of the best places I have ever stayed! We were made to feel so special, almost as though we were staying in a family home, rather than a hotel.Thank you so much Taresh, Lakshay, Albert and Bharat for taking such good care of us and making us feel so at home.	
Jan 29 2009 	Excellent service!	Lovely hotel with very attentive staff. The service is excellent. The rooms are nice and comfortable but there is nothing special /different about them. The spa needs to be upgraded but again the staff there are very helpful. Varq restaurant is incredible and should not be missed. I was supposed to return to the hotel at the end of my trip but I decided to try The Imperial Hotel instead. It had nicer rooms but the sevice was nowhere near as good.	
Jan 26 2009 	Good if you have deep pockets	This place has exceptionally good service! They know you by name, no matter where you are in the hotel. Your room is kept absolutely spotless and its a real haven from the noise/pollution unique to New Delhi.However it is very expensive, and they charge you for everything! The wine list prices were out of control, as were the restaurant prices within the complex.I didn't love my stay there - its ok, but I did feel ripped off a bit regardless of the great service.	
Jan 17 2009 	Best Service in the World	Best Service in the WorldHaving had the good fortune of staying at many of the truly great hotels in the world, the service we received at the Taj Mahal in Delhi was certainly as good, if not better than anything we experienced elsewhwere.It starts when you arrive at the front door where there must be about 20 people for security, helping with your luggage (they take it from you, put it through a detecter and the next thing you know its in your room. If you booked the Taj Club with airport pickup (highly recommended especially if this is your first visit to Delhi) as soon as you exit the car you are met and escorted to your room for a quick and seamless check-in.Just entering the lobby you notice the large number of people who greet you and once there a day, they address you by name. Now here is something else that impresses me—there is always a duty manager watching over everything. In fact just before coming to Delhi we stayed at the Trump International in Chicago where anyone in management was hidden from sight.Now for a few examples of their superlative service. On a previous trip to India, a merchant in Jaipur cheated us. For a year, we tried to resolve the problem with Amex but to no avail. Amex explained that they only serve as a mediator between the customer and the merchant and because the merchant refused, we were out of luck. We explained this to the concierge and they made it their business to help get our money back. First, they made repeated calls to the merchant who became so frustrated they refused to talk to the concierge. The Taj had me contact the hotel whose guide took us to the store—the Aman-i-khas and they too began to call. When the merchant still did not acquiesce, I was told to write a strong letter to the Taj chain, the Oberoi chain and the Jaipur tourist office explaining that unless we receive our money back, the hotels etc. will blacklist the merchant. That did it and we got our money back.Another example: we were leaving the hotel and returning a few days later and wanted to leave a suitcase and a paper bag which held 2 dolls. Storing the suitcase was no problem. To solve the bag issue, they left it with reception and when we returned, it was promptly delivered to our room—they don’t know how to say no.This to me is the clincher. On our last day (we stayed for a total of 6 nights on 4 occasions) I celebrated my birthday. We got up and ordered coffee. A few minutes later the coffee arrived and a procession of others carrying a bouquet of flowers, a beautiful extravagant birthday cake and a bottle of French champagne (we enjoyed both at dinner that night.) Just about everyone at the hotel knew it was my birthday and I couldn’t walk in the lobby, visit the club or even talk on the phone without being wished a happy birthday—I am not exaggerating.In conclusion I can’t imagine better service—last year we stayed at the Imperial and the Shangri-la and there really is no comparison. It’s my pleasure to heartily recommend thr Taj Mahal in Delhi	
Dec 25 2008 	Great service great experience	Five nights in December 2008. Security was tight following the incidents in Mumbai, but the staff did everything possible to make it a pleasant experience. Perhaps too much - do they really need to have someone press elevator buttons for you? Very generous on late check-out, good laundry service, helpful front desk staff. Rooms are very nice but I agree with previous posters - could use some renovation, particularly the bathroom. Breakfast was positively the BEST hotel breakfast I've ever had - spectacular options every day. Rick's Bar in the lobby is really nice, as is spa.	
Dec 22 2008 	Excellent!	The Taj was to be our first hotel on our two week tour of Rajastan and it certainly lived up to expectations.We were collected from the airport by the friendliest driver ever, given fresh cold towels and two ice cold bottles of water...the service didnt drop throughout our stay.Great pool, great restaurants, great staff, room and bathroom a bit on the small size for the money.Go for the club floor if you can, excellent club lounge with complementary drinks and canapes each evening. Club lounge manager was excellent!All in all a perfect start to our Indian adventure...	
Dec 14 2008 	Loved the stay	We had an event in the Taj Mahal hotel this April. stayed over the hotel for 2 nights. it was an amazing experience. after the long day in the event, the hotel rooms was a delight. the food at the restaurant was a real treat. we have never experienced such incredible service before. It was so lovely that it was difficult for us to leave the place.Overall I would say this is probably the best hotel we have ever stayed in for business specially when my boss is extremely fussy! i think if he as a person found it so convenient it should be for mmost of the places. besides the banquent hall where the event was held is a great place	
Dec 14 2008 	loved the suite	i was at the taj, new delhi on 31st of may 2008 with my girlfriend .....it was like an escape from all or family and friends for a couple of days.I was just amazed to see the suite, we booked a persident suite and the ambience of the place was amazing, i just loved the beds and the interiors......the place was so romantic.me and my girlfriend had great time in there.	
Dec 12 2008 	Truly exceptional service	I have stayed at Taj Mahal New Delhi for two separate nights during a business trip. What sets the hotel apart is how the staff takes care of the guests: everyone, from bellboys and security guards to spa and check-in personnel, is always happy to help and satisfy any wish. I am an experienced traveler, but was pleasantly surprised with the sincerity of the staff`s attitude. Having said that, I have to say that generally I find the amount of attention a guest receives at Taj is excessive – I would probably prefer less attention to my persona.Hotel`s facilities are appropriate for a 5 star deluxe hotel but not exceptional. Lobby is gracefully decorated in Mughal style (with marble fountains, water basins, carpets, etc), check-in takes place at the table, rather than at the counter, i.e. one can seat during the procedure. Unusually, check-in is finished in the room, which I found convenient, because one can then immediately ask any questions about the room, etc. Overall, check-in staff is courteous and efficient.During my first stay I was placed into an ordinary king room. It was spacious and clean, most of the equipment was slightly dated, but immaculately kept. On the second stay, I have received an upgrade to the Taj Club (pleasant surprise) level and that room`s fitting were more modern (LCD TV, etc), with the décor even more opulent. Both rooms were quiet and had a view – very positive impression overall.Guests staying at Taj Club rooms have access to a lounge on the 8th floor. The lounge is very elegant, with cosy sofas in the corners. Courteous and attentive personnel serves wines (of quite good for India) and snacks in the evening.Breakfast did not live up to my expectations – I certainly expected more from a deluxe 5-star hotel. The only highlights were made-to-order omelets and warm buffet with vegetable and meat or chicken dishes that changed every day. Otherwise nothing to write home about, but still perfectly acceptable (for my European taste).Hotel has a good gym with two cross-trainers (from LifeFitness), five or six tread-mills (LifeFitness and Technogym) and quite a few weight machines (mostly Technogym). I have used the gym extensively and found it perfectly adequate and not crowded at all.Other facilities (which I did not use) include spa and outdoor swimming pool and several restaurants (including an Indian one).Hotel location is good (close to India gate), but I found this to be of little benefit since in India one has to take taxi all the time anyway.Overall, Taj Mahal is an excellent hotel for a business traveler or a well-off tourist and I found its price-quality relation is much better than that of, e.g., Hyatt Regency (at which I also stayed during the same trip). While the rates were similar (both at about EUR 370), Taj Mahal is infinitely more exclusive and superior in almost every aspect. Would definitely stay again, but only if someone else foots the bill.	
Nov 11 2008 	exceptional service but building needs some updating	We're on a whirlwhind 3 week business trip that will take us to India, Seoul and Japan and thankfully the company has put us in some wonderful properties. I am a hotel snob and when I travel for pleasure I do tons of research on properties, activities, the facilities and restaurants, and this was no different. I did my homework on this place. The things I look for most are the rooms, the gym and the food. Unfortunately, we were only here for a night and left early the next morning to go to the real Taj Mahal. Here are my impressions. The hotel is beautiful, one of the best chains there are. I guess it would be like a Ritz Carlton, but the Indian version. We checked in, and were whisked to our room to complete the process, coffee, juice and tea were delivered along with some cookies, chocolates and cakes. It was a nice welcome. Here is a detail point that bears mentioning, it will help to give you a glimpse into the hotel as a whole. The entire presentation was delivered on a large silver tray, and the coffee pot was under a white linen tea cozy as was the milk for the coffee, which was steamed, and had its own separate tea cozy. That right there spoke volumes to me. They thought that far. the room was nice, it was on the top floor and was a good size, with all the stuff it felt a bit cramped; desk, loveseat, coffee table, armoire, chest for luggage and 2 double beds. We called down for a wake up call, and were asked if we would like coffee brought up at that time, or when a more suitable time would be. We skipped it since we were heading for the gym anyways. Again,another nice touch. The gym is great. The equipment is brand new, there are tv's in the treadmills and other cardio equipment, which is cool, as well as a whole host of machines and free weights. I work out every day back home and this was a good hotel gym. There is also Morimoto restaurant and a place called Varq, which serves modern Indian cuisine, which I would have liked to try.Ok, so here is the thing about this place, its a great 4/5 star hotel, but the building is old. It needs to be modernized. It shouldn't prevent you from staying here, but they are undergoing a complete remodel apparently, and I think when that is complete, it will be spectacular. email me if you'd like more info	
Nov 4 2008 	Fabulous hotel with unmatched staff	I am generally not one for high end hotels. They tend to leave me feeling nickel and dimed (why is it in US only high end hotels charge you to get online, to park, to have breakfast?) and when on vacation I feel like my money could be better spent on experiences and dinning. The Taj Mahal in Delhi is the exception. My wife and I have stayed their twice, and I look forward to doing so again. Its not just the hotel is nice – and it is. It has a great restaurant, a nice oasis of a pool, even a good gift shop. What really sets these guys apart is the staff. Its not just that they are well trained. They have a politeness and an interest in your stay that can’t be trained – its genuine. I always feel like they view themselves not as employees, but as ambassadors for their city and country – they genuinely want to be sure you are enjoying your visit. Not cheap for sure, but if you can afford it, its money well spent.	
Sep 14 2008 	Very nice hotel	Staying for business was nice :- good breakfast and a lot of restaurant in the hotel- friendly personnel- nice and big roomDuring my stay, one of my shirt was dammaged accidentely by the laundry service, and I get a full reimbursement by the hotel on my credit card.One negative point is that the wirless connection did'nt work properly with my laptop. The personnel give me an extra WiFI card, but it was still not OK. This was annoying for me because I needed to check my business mail and it was impossible. So, please be aware!	
Aug 14 2008 	great service	I stayed here for a week and found it really excellent. The &quot;luxury room&quot; was comfortable, everything worked and was in good shape. Parts of the hotel do perhaps look a bit dated, in the sense of not being very fashionable but NOT in the sense of being worn out in any way. In any case the room itself didn't feel outmoded. I tried room service several times which was excellent - really top notch. Breakfast was pretty good but dinner in the Machan restaurant was the only real let-down in my stay - muzak way too loud and pretty awful, and the food very uninspired. There are other restaurants in the hotel which look really interesting but I didn't get to try them - a new Japanese place, a brand new &quot;gourmet Indian&quot;, and a Chinese restaurant which has apparently been one of the best in town for years.The best thing about this hotel is the excellent service. You really get the sense that they want everything to be perfect for you. If you ask for something it gets done promptly. The only slight drawback is that some members of staff push a little too hard to please you and it can get annoying.The hotel gym is fairly large and well equipped. Pool also nice.The lobby of this hotel and function rooms always seem to be buzzing as it is a favourite for local events (very classy ones) and for celebrity and political VIPs. All in all, a very good place and if you can get a good deal on a room, I'd go for it.	
Jun 10 2008 	The Best in Delhi	I can't find a better hotel than the Taj in Lutyen's Delhi. Superb location, most efficient service with a broad smile, top class eateries (newly opened Japanese restaurant must be the best in the country), well appointed rooms with spectacular views and to top them all the best club lounge in town with most efficient staff always at your service. I stayed at Taj club floor where you have 24 hours butler service. I found all the butlers to be very alert and super efficient in every way. Three cheers to the Taj, Delhi!	
May 1 2008 	A super efficient hotel	We stayed twice in this hotel on our arrival and departure from India, total 3 nights.It is in a high class and quiter residential area of the new city and excellently placed for easy travel to all the main sites.What impressed us was the really welcoming and efficient staff where good service is the standard.The rooms were excellently appointed and comfortable with great views over the city.The restaurants were very efficient and the cioffee shop lounge one of the best.We could not fault it and recommend it when passing through this city.	
Apr 14 2008	Great hotel unparalleled service	I'm writing this out from my club room at the Taj -- my first stay here. The club rooms are very comfortable, although I wish the bathrooms were bigger. But the public spaces are quite tasteful and Old World (it's a 30-year-old hotel after all), with a very grand dame air as befitting one of the top 2 hotels in Delhi for VIPs. No complaints so far, and even the spa, which is the oldest of all the Taj hotels in the Delhi, is still well-maintained and well-appointed. However, what we have enjoyed so far -- so much so that we have booked our stay here on our way out of India and canceled a previous booking at another hotel -- is the unparalleled service. Everyone is friendly, professional, helpful and great to talk to -- and many remember your name or details about you. It's like a home away from home, which can be quite important to a visitor in a very foreign place like Delhi. I cannot think of any staff member I was not impressed with. This alone made our stay very memorable. And not at any time were we made to feel that anyone expected a tip from us in return!	
Apr 7 2008 	Good business hotel but that's about it	My wife and I stayed here while in New Delhi in Jan 2007. We were upgraded to a suite upon arrival, as per my AMEX. The suite was large no doubt, but the decor was stuck in the 1980s. The bathroom shower had the glass half door which i hate - water splashes everywhere. However all Taj properties use Molton Brown toiletries, which are very nice.The Taj Mansingh (which the locals call this hotel) is well known for it's Ayurvedic massages. If you are into that, you will love the dual syncronized massage.The business center is good and fully staffed at all times. Also they have tea and snacks for suite guests.Rick's Bar is actually one of the hot spots in New Delhi - serving good cocktails and cuban cigars.This hotel is geared toward businessmen. If you are in town for business, this is a good option.	
Mar 31 2008	Exceptional service	We stayed at the hotel for one night before joining a tour and the service was faultless. We booked online in advance and were contacted before we arrived to find out if we had any special requests. All the staff were extremely helpful and friendly and the restaurant and bar were excellent. The bar is quite loud but a lot of fun! We were so impressed we booked back in for 2 nights after our tour and again the level of service lived up to our first stay. The pool is also wonderful and much nicer than the oberoi or the imperial. We ate at both these hotels as well but the service did not compare to the Taj. All I can say is that you will not be disappointed.	
Mar 30 2008 	Great Hotel - clubs rooms	We really enjoyed our 2 stays at the hotel. Pickup at the airport went well each time. It does pay to call them first to double-check though.Our first room was a small club room and not really big enough for 2 weary travellers with lots of luggage. We did appreciate the personalised check-in (with cold drinks) which is held in the room and the way we were whisked there.The club lounge made up for the small room. We thoroughly enjoyed the breakfast and nibbles with first-rate service. There is also a PC with internet access in a seperate small private office.On our second stay the room was much larger and comfortable - still a club room so I'm not sure why.Staff at the hotel were excellant and soon sorted out any little quibbles.We had 2 great meals in the ground floor restaurant and one out by the pool. Price-wise the restaurant meals were very reasonable and good quality.The pool menu is over-priced though we really enjoyed the birds swooping down to try and steal a snack.Another very nice feature of the hotel is the spa. It's free for hotel guests and has very good staff, steam room and all the usual things. Can't recommend it more highly.In all, I'm really glad we chose this hotel. Stayed in lots of 5* through-out the world and this was up with some of our more extravagent ones.	
Feb 29 2008 	A Really GREAT Hotel	We stayed at the Taj Mahal Hotel twice on our recent 3 week trip to India. The first time in a Club room, and the second in a basic room.From our friendly airport greeting (WARNING: Indira Ghandi Airport is undergoing major renovations making it even more confusing and disorganized than ever. An absolute zoo!) and throughout our stays we were treated as though we were the only guests that mattered at the hotel. Pool side rooms have grat views of the garden and pool, with ornate parliament buildings in the distance.Without exception the staff was attentive, the service flawless. Even the elevator guard addressed us by name from the first and remembered us on our return. The butler service on the Club floor was impeccable, and the Club rooms come with a separate lounge and dining area with full waiter service for evening cocktails and a memorable breakfast. In my many years of various Club floors nothing has even been close to the Taj Mahal Hotel.Our return stay in a basic room (they are slightly smaller, but just as well furnished) was no less perfect. During our first stay they had noted our preferences and made sure that the room was set up to our liking prior to our arrival.Other reviewers have complained about the price. Hotel rates in Delhi are extremely high and the Taj is very good value when compared to the competition. A little homework on their website should reveal some good special rates (the special rate for our Club room was $475 plus tax at the height of the season, and included early check-in, airport transfers, a bottle of imported wine, flowers, fruit bowl, bottled water, chocolates and that attentive butler).There really was not a single thing that we felt could have been improved... and we're not that easy to please!	
Feb 24 2008 	Most Amazing Art	Wonderful hotel. amazing ambience and authentic artwork in lobby. Wonderful city which changed my life. Everyone must visit India if they get the chance to.	
Feb 18 2008 	Great hotel!!	We stayed a couple of days in this wonderful structure in New Delhi. The hotel is in a beautiful area in the south of the city, it is member of The Leading Hotels of the World (5 stars). Of course rooms are at top level, with some interesting ideas, typical of luxury hotels (every morning a basket of most important newspaper are in front of your rooms, with also the first two pages of internet most important newspaper of your home country), there is a large swimming pool and there are some restaurants inside. Rooms are very confortable, as well bathrooms. Breakfast is above average with international and indian food. Price of course are very high... The only thing we did not appreciate very much is that the area (the embassy area) is a sort of &quot;closed&quot; area for indian people, so you will be in a sort of &quot;gold prison&quot;, that means that if you choose this structure to be in a typical indian atmosphere, maybe it is not a good choice. In a snapshot: expensive but really beautiful.	
Dec 26 2007	Not so bad definitely not great.	Service is good as most of the luxury properties in India. But there's no charm in this hotel. This is a business hotel for PC users. If you are a Mac user like me, you'd prefer the Imperial Hotel. (if you know what I mean...)Avoid this hotel for a while. There's a construction for a Japanese restaurant in the hotel and you smell the toxic fume at the lobby. (whatever that toxic fume was I do not know but it gave me a bad headache. Besides, Sushi in India sounds like a very bad idea to me.)	
Nov 1 2007	Nice hotel great service	Nice hotel and would stay here again. Great service. It is not an outsandingly beautiful hotel, reception and lobby quite average for a 4-star and perhaps a bit disappointing for a 5-star and rooms bog standard but all in all we had a good stay. Good for business trip and I was taken very good care of.I have eaten in one of the restaurants (Indian) twice and on both occassions became sick. This may be a co-incidence but have avoided ever since.	
Oct 23 2007 	Wow! Superb!	We stayed here for two days to visit Delhi. We came back from Jaipur where we attended a wedding and before returning to Europe from Delhi we visited Delhi. We had a very good rate, but it was kind of tricky. Officially the room was 200 euro a person, but it turned out to be 40 euro because it was booked by a travel agent. At least that's what I understood from the information given. Maybe it was 200/room (3 people) - vs 40 euro per person (?).Anyway the hotel is like a paridise in the middle of Delhi, probably like all of the top hotels in Delhi/India are. The rooms was great, very modern, well kept, clean, ... The lobby looked like a palace, especially at night when the lit a lot of candles near a small pool.The breakfast and meals were also superb. We didn't like India that much, but we were glad we could eat some normal food over here. The hotel is in New Delhi, so if you want to go to the old part, it takes some time. But hey, with a taxi it's quite easy and not expensive at all. The only bad thing is that taxi drivers will take you to some tourist shops in stead of driving you directly to the place were you want to stay.I would certainly recommend this hotel if you can get about the same rate as us.	
Oct 2 2007	A Delhi Delight	We stayed four nights on a Saga tour. We could not fault the hotel in any way - service impeccable, rooms very comfortable, food: the best buffet breakfast ever, lunch and dinner well up to standard with no 'Delhi Belly', grounds, pool and location excellent. Our abiding memories will be of the wonderfully friendly and helpful staff plus having Shilpa Shetty at the next table at lunch!	
Sep 5 2007 	Lovely Taj	We chose the hotel for its great location and name. The hotel provided an excellent value for our money. It is a bit older property with outstanding service. Throughout our stay we felt extremely well taken care of. Magnificent pool and ambience. Very nice spa and gym. Quality of food is not that great but the overall service, staff and a laid back vacation sort of environment made it one of our best stays in Delhi.	
Jul 20 2007 	Beware of "Special Offers"!	I had originally booked the less expensive Taj Ambassador for a one night stay in New Delhi between transport connections. On checking in, they happily informed me that we'd been upgraded to a room in the nearby Taj Mahal at absolutely no extra cost. The first hotel was charging 130 USD per night and the Taj Mahal's rack rate is 290 USD per night, so I was pleased to accept. The room was clean, well-laid out and amply provided with the usual hotel bits and pieces. However, on check out early the next morning on the way to the airport, they tried to stick me with a huge tax bill based on the Taj Mahal's rack rate. Their excuse was that this was a &quot;special Delhi charge&quot;. I refused to pay and, fortunately, had the website printout of my original booking. Eventually, all charges were suddenly waived with no explanation offered as to exactly what was going on. I didn't eat in the hotel as it is extortionately expensive for what's on offer but there are lots of great dining options nearby - try Khan Market. The best thing was the view from our 4th floor room - right over the gardens of Delhi to Vijay Chowk and the Presidential Palace. However, not sure if that in itself would be worth forking out over 300 USD. Overall, I was very disappointed with the Taj Group during my stay in India.	
Jun 24 2007 	5 star world in nasty New Delhi	Arriving in smelly New Delhi International Airport after mid-night and in June in 38 C of heat is no joke - however, the management and staff of the Taj Mahal know exactly how to make your stay completely comfortable. Ordering a pick up from the hotel is the only way to navigate from the Airport to the hotel in comfort. Arriving you are met by a saree clad dedicated member of front desk who takes you to your room and for check-in. The hotel is really well air-conditioned and I assume the unusual sweet smell throughout the hotel is due to insect repellent - in all my stays in Taj hotels I have yet to see a mosquitoe or any other type of insect.Rooms are excellent with 7 feet wide beds, TV, work desk, sofa and wifi access (for an extra fee). The foyer and other common areas of the hotel are expansive, clean and comfortable where relaxation or small business meetings can take place. The breakfast is excellent and the fare wide ranging - and for dinner/lunch there is 24 hour dining and also a range of other restaurants to choose from.Service from staff was excellent throughout. For me there is no other place to stay in New Delhi.	
Jun 12 2007 	Good Hotel Good Service	Taj Mahal was the first stay for DOHA 2006 Tourch Relay team. It was a good hotel to start the mission with. Rooms were clean, tidy and stylish, pool was OK. however some major paint has to be done to the hotel building. other than that.. its a the stay to be if you want to go Delhi for good price.	
May 1 2007 	Hotel ok food toxic	I am a veteran world traveller from New York City with five decades under my belt and a long background in South Asia. I stayed at New Delhi's Taj Mahal Hotel in mid-March 07.It is a well-run hotel with excellent service. But its small, drab, tired rooms, worthy of a 1960's generic Hilton, are certainly not worth the extraordinary rates charged.I was seriously poisone by the food at their lobby restaurant on 14 March with two types of parasites that required three courses of powerful antibiotics and anti-parisitic drugs. Indian friends also told me the Delhi Taj is notorious for food poisoning. It is shocking a hotel chain of this standing and cost would serve contaminated food. Obviously, my last stay at any of the Taj Hotels.	
Apr 30 2007 	One of the Best in New Delhi	There's no such thing these days as a reasonably priced first-class hotel in New Delhi. If you budget allows, however, the Taj Mansingh, as it's known to locals, is one of the better choices. The location is great and the staff attentive. While not up to the level of service as the Oberoi properties the Taj runs a close number two in New Delhi among the big Indian chains The Club level rooms only appear to be slightly larger than the regular rooms so not sure if they are worth the extra expense. The hotel has a superior spa (one of the top three in the city in my opinion). The one area in need of improvement is the quality of the food. Machan, especially, can be hit and miss although it is packed at many hours due to lack of alternatives in the hotel or immediate area for upscale variety. Rick's is a very popular bar, especially on weekends. For a more sedate and friendly alternative try the lobby tea lounge. You can get drinks there, as well, and staff is more attentive.	
Jan 28 2007 	Excellent arrival after trans-Atlantic flight	Perfect service upon arrival being met at the airport, greeted repeatedly at the entrance and taken directly to our room without the hassle of a front desk check-in. The Indian restaurant was wonderful, the breakfast buffet sumptuous, the over-all service exceptional. ( One small exception was when we checked out prior to departure and the switchboard informed our friends that we were gone while we sat in our room waiting for them.) Having read previously about the taxes, I had no room to argue, and was prepared for this extra amount on the bill. I had not, however, confirmed the rate for picking us up at the airport ($65). Thanks to tripadvisor comments we selected this hotel and could not have been more pleased. Our friends used the beauty shop and the work-out room, also. Would recommend this hotel highly.	
Jan 6 2007 	Excellent Service. Watch out for excess taxes.	We recently spent 4 nights in a Taj Club room. The room was nice (if nothing out of the ordinary), and we couldn't have asked for better service.We arrived on New Year's Eve ready for an exciting evening at the hotel's outstanding Indian restaurant. However, I fell sick and ended up stuck in the room. The in-room dining manager went out of his way to provide my partner with an outstanding dinner that he personally served in the room. It was an extremely nice touch and cheered us both up on what could have been a very disappointing evening.The butler service in the Taj Club lounge was excellent, and the food was very good in all the restaurants.My only complaint was with the way the taxes were levied. Instead of charging 12.5% tax on the rate we were paying (which was $370 per night booked throught Five Star Alliance -- about $100 per night less that Leading Hotels had offered), the hotel charged tax on the rack rate (about $550 per night) and also charged a small tax (about $2.50 per day) on breakfast, which was included in the room rate. That added up to about $150 more in tax that I had anticipated paying.I complained vigorously to the duty manager the evening before check out. I insisted I had never seen such a practice anywhere else in the world and that I was not willing to pay the excess taxes. I had taken copies of my reservation confirmation, which showed that I would be paying 12.5% tax and made no mention of the tax being applied to the rack rate. By having the confirmation in my possession and insisting that I was not willing to pay excess tax, I eventually got the tax reduced to 12.5% on the $370 rate instead of the rack rate. They wouldn't give in on the breakfast tax, and I eventually gave up on that one. So, if you go prepared with your paperwork and remain steadfast in your refusal to pay the excess room tax, you can avoid it with a bit of a fight. It's just a shame the fight has to take place at all!But despite the tax issues, it was a fantastic place to stay and we really appreciated all of the help that the staff gave us! I would definitely go back.	
Nov 27 2006 	Terrific property watch the luxury tax charge	This hotel, located away from central Delhi in the green, government area, but still allowing easy access to desirable sites, has a lot going for it: astounding lobby with period art rotundas, big city service, elegant rooms, pleasant views, responsive staff, but the one thing you have to watch is the luxury tax charge. We booked our $ 210/night through Travelocity, which confirmation advised of a 12.5% tax. Our closing bill, however, attempted to charge 12.5% on what we were advised was a rack rate of $ 500. This was the first we learned of this! Needless to say, we refused to pay the exorbitant amount and the manager relented. Be very clear when making reservations here. The club room dining salon, the Grille Room, is pricey but a delicious alternative to weeks of delicious Indian food. The concierge is knowledgeable, without playing the commission game, and the breakfast buffet is varied, delicious and in a very pleasant setting. We would stay here again in a snap. The Mercedes to the airport is a comfortable ride.	
Oct 30 2006 	Best service I have ever experienced	I stayed for a week in October for business and my expectations were continually exceeded. Asia is known for good service but this hotel takes good service to a whole new level. I have stayed in the Peninsula Hong Kong, St Regis, Mandarin Oriental, Shangri La and others and the service levels at this hotel were even better. We have about 4 rooms as there was a few of us travelling together and we found ourselves sharing good service stories each day.This hotel was a little more expensive than others but well worth the extra $. You certainly feel like royalty there.	
Oct 29 2006 	Watch out for brown water	My wife and I stayed in a Club Room at the Taj Mahal for 10 days in October. Like others who have commented on this hotel, we found the service and welcome to be impeccable. The Mercedes waiting for us at arrival was a treat. We have never experienced as enjoyable a check-in as we did here. The staff is attentive but unobtrusive. We tried all the restaurants and the quality is excellent at all of them. The breakfast buffet is very good indeed, although we have seen even more impressive buffets in Beijing hotels (such as China World). The waiter service at breakfast is somewhat inconsistent. The hotel could use some updating; the infrastructure is more than 20 years old, without any investment since then. The rooms are smallish for what we associate with executive-level service. We became ill for unrelated reasons, and the hotel secured a physician who promptly attended to our needs for an outrageously reasonable cost (the only bargain associated with the hotel!). What was really troubling was going for a shower, turning the water on, and watching the yellow-brown water pour out. Not a question of waiting for it to clear --- it just kept coming regardless of how long we let it run. For the premium price of a Taj hotel, this was unacceptable to us and enough to tell us we will not return, no matter how attentive the service. Hotels need to get the basics right - and rusty or dirty water is simply unacceptable. The plumber claimed the abnormally high water pressure forced the rust out of the old lead pipes. He never answered the question why the lead pipes were there in the first place. They are unacceptable by today's environmental and human health standards.	
Sep 11 2006 	a sanctuary in the middle of delhi	The Taj Mahal was a sanctuary in the middle of Delhi. The rooms are very well equipped with pleasant views over greenery. The staff are first rate. The reception staff are incredibly welcoming. The buffet breakfast is the best we have ever had. The waiting staff were friendly and efficient without beig at all intrusive. They were particularly kind to our 12 year old son. There is no touting for tips. The pool is huge, deep and peaceful. Although aimed primarily at a business market, it was excellent for teenagers. Better than the Imperial.	
Jul 30 2006	Cheated on Sales Tax	I had the same experience as the others. They overcharged on the sales tax, nearly $100. Makes me wonder if I was cheated on other parts of the bill too.	
Jun 5 2006 	Really loved our stay here!	We stayed for seven nights, and I must say choosing a hotel in the first place was very very difficult. In the end we went solely on the opinions of Trip-Advisor members and what we were able to afford (the Australian dollar is only worth US$0.75). We found the very best rate possible off the Five Star Alliance site (thanks to another Trip Advsor member for that tip!) and booked a package that included a standard room (only differs from the deluxe room by not having a fax machine), round trip airport transfers and breckfast, for US$170 per night. Obviously for this rate we did not get a executive club room or use of the club facilities, but we did go up and visit a club room to see if we were missing out on anything.So firstly, we turned up at the airport at midnight, very very tired after a 15 hour journey, and there, bless his socks, was the Taj driver waiting for us with our name on a huge piece of cardboard. Agian, it wasn't a Merc as we went for a cheaper package, but the car was great and the driver very professional. Check-in was carried out in our room, not in the lobby, and took only a couple of minutes to complete. Overall, the room was spacious, the fixtures perhaps a little shabby and worn round the edges, but the bathroom was huge and done very nicely in a dark red/black marble, with a separate bath and shower and two fabulous shower heads. Apparently they gave us a corner or next to corner room (ie at the end of the corridor), and these have bigger bathrooms. The room facilities were very generous, with a mini room-service every evening, daily chocolates, about six complementary bottles of water every day (contrary to other member's comments about this hotel, you do NOT have to tip to get extra water - they just give it to you anyway) and four huge towels (rather than the standard three). The bed was reasonably comfortable (by Indian plank standards) and although we were on a smoking floor, there was not a hint of stale smoke in the room.The Club room that we checked out was exactly the same size, but with more modern decor and a newer touch - probably not worth the extra money, especially since our standard room bathroom was bigger (that was luck though).What really impressed us about this hotel was the absolutely excellent level of service provided by all the staff - friendly, helpful, attentive and very welcoming. The Concierge went out of his way to help us with a couple of really difficult busines requests (like sourcing three hundred bars of a special soap made in the south of India), and the elevator guy knew our floor number within a couple of days. Another excellent feature was the breckfast buffet - probably the best selection of food I've ever seen in a hotel. Overall, one of the best hotel stays I've ever had.	
May 23 2006	Cheated with the sales tax	As a previous reviewer said - they charge the 12.5% tax on the shameless reception prices, not the actual one booked! I was extremely p---- at check-out so they decreased it a little bit but nevertheless that was way more than expected and had I not been under time pressure I would have stood my ground...I wrote a complaint to the manager later the same day (that was a month ago) but have not received an answer and I doubt I will. Does anyone have an idea how to require a refund - maybe writing to the Best Hotels of the World or the Indian tax authorities?Otherwise excellent service.	
May 5 2006	Beware of tax charges by Taj Mahal Hotel	THE HOTEL HAS A TAX OF 12.5% PER NIGHT. HOWEVER, IN OUR EXPERIENCE, THEY CHARGED THE TAX ON TWICE THE AMOUNT OF THE ACTUAL BILL. THUS, WHILE OUR BILL WAS approximately US $600 AND THE TAX SHOULD BE $75 (12.5%X600=75), THE HOTEL CHARGED approximately $150 in tax. When we brought the overcharge to the attention of the hotel, they said they charged the 12.50% on the amount they feel the room is worth rather than the actual amount paid. That made us feel cheated.	
Mar 23 2006 	The Taj is one of the best hotels ever…	Imagine that you have arrived in Delhi’s chaotic airport late in the middle of the night after an exhausting 10+ hour flight (and that is the way most of us from the West arrive). You are hoping that the email you sent requesting to be met by a hotel car at the airport was read and understood.As you emerge from customs, there are literally hundreds of people waving signs with people’s names on them. Amidst the mob, a man dressed all in white carrying a large (possibly the largest) sign emerges from the crowd. It says Taj Mahal Hotel on it. And your name is written in bold letters right in the middle. Relief flows over you. He takes your bags and you walk a short distance to a late model white Mercedes. He whisks you to the hotel in 30 minutes or so.You are greeted on the steps of the hotel by an enormous bearded man dressed in traditional Indian gear and a petite young woman who knows your name and is ready to take you directly to your room. The two men opening the door and the elevator operator greet you by name. As you emerge from the elevator you see a man down the hall. He greets you by name. He is your butler and he is holding a tray. On it are two glasses of fruit juice (orange and pineapple) from which you may choose. Your butler shows you around your room, which is equipped with electronic controls for everything from lights to temperature to the curtains. Your room butler arranges with the technology butler for your Internet WiFi service to be turned on. They leave to allow you to get some sleep – if you can.Around the room are a complimentary bottle of wine and several different kinds of fresh fruit. There is a plate of dried dates and apricots. A luxuriously stocked mini-bar will fill any other unmet needs.The bath is granite and decorative tile with a separate shower stall with one of the best showerheads and best water pressure of any hotel I have stayed at. There is a bowl filled with rose petals and three vases of orchids around the room. The toiletries are Molton Brown and include everything you might need from a comb to a toothbrush.Complimentary shoe shines and clothes pressing are included in the rate, as is continental style breakfast and cocktails in the evening. This is the Club Level at the Taj Mahal Hotel. Yes, it’s expensive by Indian standards. But it costs about the same as a decent hotel room in New York City and it’s so, so much nicer.The bars and restaurants in the hotel are wonderful. The staff is uniformly helpful and their mission is to please.You cannot go wrong staying at the Taj Mahal Hotel.	
Mar 2 2006	Treated like royalty at the Taj	From the moment we walked in, we felt like we were given special treatment at the Taj Mahal Hotel, New Delhi. The outer doors were opened by the traditional Raj-clad attendants, but the inner doors were opened by elegant and smiling ladies who learned our names after a day or two. The lobby is organized in a more personal manner than most such hotels, with tables with hospitality specialists rather than a large off-putting counter. Indeed, the lobby is elegant, yet cozy, with decorated inverted domes in the ceiling and Mogul style artifacts. Around the lobby area are set many tables for morning business conversations or afternoon tea. At one end is the bakery, with delicious espressos and teas as well as fabulous French pastries.We usually stay at the Imperial in Delhi, but it was booked so we decided to try the Taj. We were able to get a very good deal for a stay of five days through the Five Star Alliance website. It seems difficult to book the upper end hotels in Delhi for under $300 a night these days. The rooms were somewhat smaller than the Imperial, but very nicely appointed, with wood trim and granite in the bathrooms. Our bathroom had a nice tub and separate shower and was quite large. The rooms were also quite clean and the beds were delicious, with down comforters and cotton linens.For me, the highlight of our stay at the Taj was the breakfast buffet. The array was truly amazing - the best I have ever encountered anywhere. As vegetarians, we had quite a bit to choose from, including fruit, baked museli and yogurt cups, six varieties of bread for toast, vegetable tofu, croissants plus Indian specialties such as paranthas. We were pleased to be able to offer such an array when we invited friends to join us. The dining room was sunny and comfortable and the service excellent.Another highlight was the laundry service. Finished items were returned within 8 hours, protected in plastic, in starched linen baskets with a rose on top. The pressing service was also excellent.I communicated through email with the Taj several times before my trip and received a prompt response. Our needs, such as for non-smoking rooms, were well taken care of.The staff was quite courteous in all respects and solicitous of our needs. In one case, when we were to change into another room, they called and apprised us as to the updated situation to let us know that they were aware and working on it.I would not hesitate to recommend the Taj Mahal Hotel in New Delhi to other visitors. For us, it was a great place to overcome jet lag, to feel well taken care of so far from home, and to enjoy elegance and grace in the style of kings.	
Jan 18 2006	Good Place to Stay in Delhi	The hotel does not look great from outside. Just a concrete pile and even in need of a repair. But inside is better. Staff is friendly and efficient. The corridors were somewhat smelly (smell of damp?). We were with a group so there was a fixed meal and the meal standard was average. The breakfast buffet was good and generous. Rooms seem a bit outdated but comfortable enough with very wide range of amenities.	
Nov 14 2005	Best of the best	This place is lovely - the rooms have everything you could desire and are very nicely decorated and as clean as possible. The warm welcome from Staff adds a great touch and breakfast cooked to order was spot on. This place is faultless and having stayed there first time I wouldn't stay anywhere else when we are in Delhi again.	
Oct 18 2005	Excellent hotel and staff !	My husband and I had just spent 10 days staying in a cottage, in a forest, in the mountains of north India where there was no running water or electricity. It was a 12 hour drive to Delhi so we were really looking forward to our 2 day stay at the Taj Mahal Hotel before flying home to London. We were not disappointed! It was fab! The room was lovely - with all the usual attention to detail - robes, slippers etc. Papers in the morning, plus a summary of UK news. We did intend to go out in the evenings and explore but the hotel was such a haven away from the hustle and bustle of Delhi that we went to Rick's bar for cocktails each evening and then ate in the hotel! The hotel staff were superb and we had a personal butler! We did book a standard room but from reading the other reviews on this site, I was led to believe only the club rooms came with this service (we were not upgraded to our knowledge so this is worth checking).On the final morning we sampled the buffet breakfast where there was a vast selection of food from all continents. We did not bother to pre-book a car to the airport (very expensive) instead, the doorman got us a cab (immediate) which is a fraction of the price (around 300-350 rupees).All in all I would thoroughly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 18 2005	A business hotel... not worth the reviews... not special whatsoever!	For lack of other interesting places to stay in Delhi, we stayed at the Taj Mahal on the first night and the last night of our 10 day India trip in March. Our tour operator, Abercrombie &amp; Kent also raved about it. The result... a rather mild disappointment. There's no doubt this hotel is one of the best, is not the best, in Delhi. But it's a business hotel in a big city, just like in any other big cities. The entrance lobby is grand and majestic, however, the rooms are very small and blah. We also stayed in the club floor rooms, because the standard ones were sold out. The prices for these rooms were quite a bit, even by global standards. Complete rip off!! The room was tiny... no character... very boring &quot;Hilton, Sheraton&quot;-like standard hotel room. This was probably the biggest rip off in our entire India trip.The restaurant downstairs, which is supposed to be one of the best in town, was very... whatever. Restaurant service was very good, however, some of the front desk staff were very rude. One evening, we went to the newer, more modern hotel, the Park, for dinner. Granted, the Park can look like any other stylish boutique hotels you find a lot these days. We personally felt we would have been much happier at the Park rather than paying dumb price at the Taj Mahal. The restaurant was very good, too. (See our reviews for Amarvilas, Taj Mahal Delhi, Rambagh Palace, Lake Palace, Devi Garh...)	
May 6 2005	As it should be	An excellent hotel, possibly one of the best I have stayed in. Attention to detail was the key that made this place stand out above everyone else. Highly recommend getting a driver for the afternoon to show you around, don't be scared if he drops you off with a mate to go and explore Old Delhi on a rickshaw....an experience I can't recommend highly enough. The rooms were comfortable, the check-in process a dream, the attentive staff pitched at exactly the right level without being intrusive. The only negative comment I have to make is that for two hours driving around delhi the price was an excellent 800rps......to pick me up from the airport an extortionate 1,700 and it's only a 20 minute drive.	
Oct 24 2004 	Pure luxury	On entering the reception to the Taj Mahal Hotel, you are confronted with spacious opulence. Marble, gleaming glass and brass, luxurious wall hangings - first impressions are excellent. The rooms are large, very comfortable and kept beautifully clean. Every night the beds are turned down and orchid heads are placed on the pillow. The restaurant is superb with a good choice of food - all excellently cooked and well served by courteous and helpful staff.My only complaint, was that on sitting around the large swimming pool, there was a distinct smell of drains and of course the noise of the traffic outside the hotel - but Indian traffic is prolific - so that was to be expected. I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel. Sheer luxury.	
Nov 8 2009	??…		
Aug 29 2009 	??????		
Nov 2 2008 	Uneingeschränkt empfehlenswert!		
