Nov 6 2009 	Good location clean but noisy	Location : nice, 20 min from India gate. Safe area, quite green, and not on a main street . The overal area is mostly residential.Room : relatively large (around 20 sqm), and clean. Wifi is a great advantage. Hot water and electric supply at all time, which is an advantage in India. Includes safe, iron, air conditioning, ...Price : around 50 EUR/night, including breakfast (by the way really nice and sufficient in quality). A daily bottle of water is also complimentary.The major issue I encountered is noise : rooms are well isolated from street and from neighbour room. BUT the doors are extremely thin, which makes that you can hear anything that happens in the corridor, or inside the room right in front of yours. Really incredible... I had to use hearplugs to sleep, which is unpleasant.This is really a pity, as the staff is quite helpful, and rest of the accomodation fine.Smaller disadvantage : rooms on the ground floor have strictly no view (on a dark backyard), so far from website pictures	
Oct 27 2009	Velvet Apple - A good stay	We stayed at the Velvet Apple hotel for 6 days in early October 2009. The hotel is located in one of the better areas of New Delhi and is close to the M Block Market (500M walk) and other small shops.The staff were very obliging and very pleasant for the duration of our stay. The room that we stayed in had ice cold air-conditioning and a really fast ceiling fan. The hotel is located in a very relatively quiet part of GK1, New Delhi. This is due to the fact that there no intersections within close proximity of the hotel. This is an important consideration in your hotel choice as people constantly use their horns in New Delhi, especially at intersections.There were many channels available for viewing on the in-house TV channels. We especially liked the Australian Network channel. One one the outstanding features of this hotel was the complimentary Wi-FI offered by the hotel. This proved to be a God send as calls from our mobiles cost approximately $6.60 per minute. We used this service and communicated by email for the duration of our stay. The WI-FI connection was fast and reliable at all times. The breakfasts and room service in the hotel were good. In summary, the hotel was good value for money and we would stay there again if we needed to go back to Delhi.	
Mar 9 2009 	Great hotel in Delhi perfect for both business and leisure travel	We spent 3 nights at this fabulous new hotel in a convenient part of Delhi, near enough to shopping and restaurants, but far enough to be feel like we were going 'home' at the end of a busy day. The staff is courteous and prompt. Because Velvet Apple is a small, boutique hotel, the staff gets to know you and is very willing to meet your individual needs (they made us custom breakfast and lunch daily). The property is clean, with tasteful room decorations and all the right amenities (small fridge, flat panel HD TV, great bathrooms). Right across the street is a local park which gives you a glimpse into how 'real' people live. Although we were traveling for fun, plenty of business travelers seem to make this hotel their regular base, given how familiar they were with the staff. It is definitely close enough to the downtown business areas. Seems like a much better alternative to the large, impersonal chain hotel options.	
